The house plan has three washrooms, two livingrooms, one closet, one corridor, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and three balconys. More specifically, washroom1 is in east with 7 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Black as well as has Purple Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom2 uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Red Log. washroom2 has 5 squares in east. In addition, washroom3 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom3 floor is Red Coating as well as has Black Coating wall. livingroom1 is in north with 30 square meters. livingroom1 wall is White Wallpaper, and has Green Wood_Grain floor. floor of livingroom2 is Wallpaper and Green while has Green Bamboo_Vine wall. livingroom2 is in south with 30 square meters. Moreover, closet1 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Coating and Orange. closet1 has 8 squares in center. Besides, corridor1 covers 7 square meters located in center. wall of corridor1 is Stone_Brick and Purple while uses Purple Coating for floor. wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red, and floor is Yellow Log. bedroom1 is in southeast with 26 square meters. Moreover, floor of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Green as well as wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 is in northeast with 15 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Wall_Cloth and Purple while has Blue Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom3 covers 15 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 has Gray Quartz floor, and wall is Orange Jade. kitchen1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow as well as wall is Coating and Green. balcony1 is in south with 10 square meters. In addition, balcony2 covers 10 square meters located in north. balcony2 floor is Yellow Stone_Brick while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Blue. Additionally, balcony3 uses Gray Mosaic for floor, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Pink. balcony3 has 4 squares in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony2, closet1, corridor1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1, bedroom3, balcony1, closet1, corridor1 and livingroom2 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to closet1, washroom1. balcony2, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom3, balcony3. balcony1 is next to balcony3. closet1 is adjacent to corridor1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. 