Building layout contains three washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and three balconys. More specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in west. washroom1 floor is Pink Stone_Brick as well as has Black Ceramics wall. In addition, floor of washroom2 is Ceramics and Gray, and has Gray Ceramics wall. washroom2 has 3 squares in center. washroom3 is in center with 2 square meters. wall of washroom3 is Painted_Wood and Orange as well as floor is Gray Marble. Additionally, floor of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Orange while has Earth_color Ceramics wall. livingroom1 covers 40 square meters located in center. Moreover, study1 has Yellow Jade wall, and floor is Red Wood_Grain. study1 has 7 squares in northeast. wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Gray while floor is Rock_Plate and Green. bedroom1 has 16 squares in west. Additionally, bedroom2 has Green Rock_Plate wall as well as uses Red Stone_Brick for floor. bedroom2 is in southwest with 10 square meters. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in south. floor of bedroom3 is Ceramics and Wood_color, and has Purple Wallpaper wall. floor of kitchen1 is Rock_Plate and White while wall is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. kitchen1 has 8 squares in southeast. Besides, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in north. balcony1 uses Yellow Cement_Board for floor, and has Purple Wood_Veneer wall. Moreover, balcony2 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. balcony2 has Blue Bamboo_Vine floor while has Red Wallpaper wall. Additionally, balcony3 has 4 squares in south. wall of balcony3 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow, and has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, study1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony2, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, washroom1. balcony3, washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony3, washroom2. study1 is next to balcony1. balcony3 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. 