The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 16 squares in west. bedroom1 wall is Gray Coating as well as has Blue Mosaic floor. bedroom2 floor is White Rock_Plate, and wall is Green Quartz. bedroom2 has 10 squares in northwest. Additionally, bedroom3 has Earth_color Painted_Wood floor while wall is Black Wood_Grain. bedroom3 has 9 squares in north. washroom1 is in northwest with 5 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Granite and Wood_color as well as has Yellow Wood_Grain wall. balcony1 wall is Black Log while has Green Painted_Wood floor. balcony1 is in south with 7 square meters. In addition, balcony2 has Yellow Granite floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Blue. balcony2 has 4 squares in northeast. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Black Log wall, and floor is Purple Jade. kitchen1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Gray Mosaic while wall is Blue Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. floor of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink while has Wood_color Coating wall. livingroom1 has 41 squares in south. In addition, study1 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. study1 uses Red Ceramics for floor as well as wall is Gray Wallpaper. Besides, floor of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Pink while has Black Wood_Grain wall. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in west. bedroom2 is in northwest with 12 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Blue Ceramics as well as floor is Black Wood_Grain. floor of kitchen1 is Quartz and Red, and wall is Red Wallpaper. kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 floor is Green Wood_Veneer while wall is Cement_Board and Yellow. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 uses Purple Wood_Veneer for floor as well as has Blue Wood_Grain wall. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, livingroom1 has 29 squares in south. livingroom1 floor is White Marble while has Yellow Jade wall. bedroom1 is in north with 11 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Black Rock_Plate, and wall is Wood_Grain and Gray. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 uses Pink Quartz for floor, and wall is Green Wood_Veneer. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. In addition, bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom1 has Earth_color Marble floor as well as has Green Wallpaper wall. Besides, bedroom2 is in center with 10 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Red Ceramics while uses Earth_color Wood_Grain for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. livingroom1 has 41 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 uses Black Stone_Brick for floor as well as has Wood_color Cement_Board wall. kitchen1 is in northeast with 9 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 14 squares in north. bedroom1 has Purple Log wall as well as uses Yellow Wood_Grain for floor. Additionally, bedroom2 uses Red Rock_Plate for floor while wall is Ceramics and Gray. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in southeast. floor of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red as well as wall is Orange Coating. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in east. balcony1 has 5 squares in north. balcony1 wall is Green Log, and uses Red Pure_Color_Wood for floor. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 26 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Wood_color as well as uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and Black, and has Earth_color Wallpaper floor. kitchen1 is in south with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, two studys, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 floor is Blue Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Blue. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is White Bamboo_Vine while floor is Coating and Blue. livingroom1 is in center with 34 square meters. Besides, study1 covers 10 square meters located in east. wall of study1 is Wood_Veneer and Orange, and uses White Wood_Veneer for floor. wall of study2 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color. study2 is in west with 7 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood while has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall. bedroom1 has 13 squares in center. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Yellow as well as has Wood_color Jade floor. kitchen1 has 5 squares in center. floor of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Pink while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and White. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, study2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. study1, kitchen1 and bedroom1 are connected. study2 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has 2 squares in northeast. washroom1 uses Green Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Blue. bedroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. bedroom1 has Green Marble floor while has Blue Marble wall. Additionally, bedroom2 has Orange Jade wall as well as floor is Cement_Board and Earth_color. bedroom2 is in west with 5 square meters. livingroom1 has 18 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Yellow Wall_Cloth for floor while wall is Purple Stone_Brick. kitchen1 has Black Quartz floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and White. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one bedroom, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in east with 12 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Pink Ceramics as well as uses Red Quartz for floor. Moreover, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. wall of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Purple while has Wood_color Granite floor. Besides, balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 wall is Yellow Coating as well as floor is Black Wood_Veneer. In addition, balcony2 wall is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine, and has Pink Wallpaper floor. balcony2 is in northeast with 2 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 is in west with 20 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Green Marble as well as floor is Yellow Cement_Board. floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Green, and wall is Quartz and Yellow. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and White, and has Orange Mosaic floor. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. floor of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue as well as has Gray Jade wall. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom1 has Black Painted_Wood floor while has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall. In addition, balcony1 wall is Pink Wall_Cloth, and has Black Wood_Veneer floor. balcony1 has 7 squares in southwest. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow while has Orange Rock_Plate floor. livingroom1 is in center with 43 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 has 8 squares in southeast. kitchen1 floor is Black Marble, and has Earth_color Mosaic wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 10 squares in south. bedroom1 has White Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Gray Jade. In addition, bedroom2 is in northeast with 10 square meters. bedroom2 has Earth_color Jade wall while has Pink Wallpaper floor. Moreover, washroom1 has 4 squares in northwest. washroom1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Pink Mosaic. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in southwest. floor of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Wood_color as well as wall is Blue Coating. Besides, livingroom1 has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall while uses Blue Coating for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 22 square meters. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in center. floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Red as well as has Gray Bamboo_Vine wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Orange Wood_Veneer, and has Orange Wood_Veneer floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Green Coating wall as well as floor is Ceramics and Purple. In addition, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. wall of bedroom1 is Coating and Green, and floor is Purple Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 is in southwest with 9 square meters. washroom1 floor is Earth_color Wallpaper as well as wall is Mosaic and Pink. In addition, washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in south. washroom2 floor is White Painted_Wood while has Green Mosaic wall. livingroom1 is in east with 35 square meters. livingroom1 uses Earth_color Log for floor as well as wall is Gray Wood_Grain. Besides, floor of study1 is Wallpaper and Blue, and wall is Purple Granite. study1 covers 11 square meters located in south. bedroom1 is in west with 22 square meters. bedroom1 has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has White Bamboo_Vine floor. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in north. bedroom2 uses Red Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Gray. kitchen1 has 10 squares in south. kitchen1 wall is Green Marble while floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood. In addition, balcony1 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 has Blue Ceramics floor as well as wall is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. Moreover, balcony2 has Red Wood_Grain wall while floor is Green Granite. balcony2 is in south with 3 square meters. bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, washroom1. balcony1 is adjacent to bedroom2. washroom1, washroom2, balcony2 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2, balcony2. balcony2 and washroom2 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Wood_color Ceramics, and floor is Pink Cement_Board. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. livingroom1 covers 48 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Green Stone_Brick floor as well as has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in north. bedroom1 has Black Ceramics wall, and floor is Orange Cement_Board. bedroom2 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom2 has Green Painted_Wood wall while floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 13 squares in west. bedroom1 wall is Red Quartz, and uses Pink Cement_Board for floor. In addition, bedroom2 has Yellow Jade floor while wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in east. bedroom3 uses Wood_color Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Purple. bedroom3 covers 7 square meters located in east. washroom1 uses Gray Wallpaper for floor as well as has Gray Rock_Plate wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. Additionally, balcony1 has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall, and uses Gray Wall_Cloth for floor. balcony1 has 6 squares in west. Besides, livingroom1 uses Gray Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Black. livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. Additionally, wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Red, and floor is Earth_color Granite. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in center. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 14 squares in south. bedroom1 has White Marble floor, and has Black Wood_Veneer wall. In addition, bedroom2 is in north with 13 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Ceramics and Blue. Additionally, washroom1 is in west with 6 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Log and Orange, and wall is Pink Granite. In addition, balcony1 is in south with 4 square meters. balcony1 has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall while has Red Coating floor. floor of livingroom1 is Mosaic and White as well as wall is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 has 38 squares in center. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. kitchen1 wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood, and uses Wood_color Wall_Cloth for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Earth_color Cement_Board as well as floor is Pink Bamboo_Vine. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. In addition, livingroom1 uses Pink Mosaic for floor, and wall is Purple Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 covers 46 square meters located in center. Additionally, bedroom1 has 13 squares in northwest. bedroom1 has Orange Marble wall while uses White Granite for floor. Besides, bedroom2 uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor, and wall is Pink Stone_Brick. bedroom2 has 10 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall, and uses Green Rock_Plate for floor. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in west. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Pink Wall_Cloth while wall is Blue Mosaic. Additionally, study1 floor is Blue Log, and wall is Stone_Brick and Green. study1 covers 7 square meters located in center. Moreover, bedroom1 wall is White Painted_Wood while floor is Purple Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom2 floor is Gray Wallpaper, and has Purple Granite wall. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. In addition, kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Gray Pure_Color_Wood wall while floor is Black Cement_Board. balcony1 uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Red. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to study1, balcony1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in northwest with 13 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Black Wallpaper as well as floor is Quartz and Red. bedroom2 has Black Mosaic floor, and wall is Mosaic and Wood_color. bedroom2 is in east with 9 square meters. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Pink Bamboo_Vine while floor is Cement_Board and White. balcony1 is in west with 5 square meters. balcony1 has Pink Coating wall, and floor is Wood_color Wood_Grain. livingroom1 wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine while has Orange Jade floor. livingroom1 has 26 squares in center. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 has Green Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Gray Quartz. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and three bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as has Blue Wallpaper wall. washroom1 is in southwest with 4 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Black. livingroom1 is in center with 27 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and White as well as wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 has 10 squares in northwest. Besides, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Wood_Grain, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Green. bedroom3 has 8 squares in north. bedroom3 floor is Yellow Quartz as well as has Red Log wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. wall of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Green, and uses White Mosaic for floor. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 has Earth_color Coating floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Green. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom3 uses Red Ceramics for floor while wall is Gray Wood_Veneer. wall of washroom1 is Jade and Green, and has Earth_color Wood_Veneer floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 wall is Red Wall_Cloth while floor is Rock_Plate and Purple. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Pink Painted_Wood as well as has Black Jade wall. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. kitchen1 uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor, and wall is White Granite. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, floor of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Wood_color as well as wall is Purple Mosaic. bedroom1 is in north with 13 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 floor is White Log while has Red Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northeast. Besides, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 has Gray Wallpaper wall, and uses Green Coating for floor. balcony1 has 6 squares in northwest. balcony1 has Pink Stone_Brick wall as well as uses Purple Log for floor. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 23 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Coating and Gray, and floor is Wood_color Coating. kitchen1 floor is Earth_color Wood_Veneer while has Red Painted_Wood wall. kitchen1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, floor of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Yellow as well as has Pink Marble wall. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. livingroom1 uses Purple Log for floor while has Orange Coating wall. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. study1 has 5 squares in west. study1 wall is Green Ceramics, and floor is Stone_Brick and Purple. Moreover, bedroom1 uses Wood_color Log for floor as well as wall is Black Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom2 has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. floor of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Black as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, study1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, study1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. study1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red as well as floor is Painted_Wood and White. bedroom1 is in east with 12 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow while uses Green Ceramic_Tile for floor. floor of washroom1 is Marble and Purple as well as wall is White Coating. washroom1 has 3 squares in north. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 uses Pink Marble for floor, and has White Painted_Wood wall. balcony2 wall is Red Marble as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Black. balcony2 is in west with 3 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Red Rock_Plate, and floor is Purple Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 covers 23 square meters located in south. kitchen1 has Blue Wood_Grain floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Blue. kitchen1 has 5 squares in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has 3 squares in north. washroom1 uses Black Wood_Veneer for floor as well as wall is Red Painted_Wood. Moreover, bedroom1 floor is Red Ceramics, and wall is Wood_color Jade. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 wall is Black Jade while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. bedroom2 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 is in center with 23 square meters. livingroom1 has Earth_color Quartz floor, and wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 floor is Blue Cement_Board while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Green. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Blue Mosaic wall, and has Red Log floor. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick as well as floor is Red Stone_Brick. bedroom2 covers 17 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 covers 15 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom3 is Log and Red while has Red Marble floor. washroom1 has Yellow Bamboo_Vine wall as well as uses Yellow Pure_Color_Wood for floor. washroom1 is in southeast with 4 square meters. balcony1 floor is Earth_color Granite, and wall is Granite and Blue. balcony1 covers 12 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is in east with 44 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red as well as has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall. Additionally, kitchen1 wall is Pink Coating, and uses Pink Wall_Cloth for floor. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom3, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 uses Earth_color Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Red. bedroom1 is in northeast with 12 square meters. bedroom2 has 9 squares in east. bedroom2 wall is Pink Ceramics while floor is Purple Quartz. bedroom3 is in south with 6 square meters. bedroom3 has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Cement_Board and Earth_color. wall of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Pink, and uses Red Wall_Cloth for floor. washroom1 has 3 squares in east. washroom2 has Yellow Rock_Plate wall while uses Gray Cement_Board for floor. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in center. balcony1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color as well as wall is Ceramics and Wood_color. balcony2 has Pink Coating floor, and has Red Ceramic_Tile wall. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in northwest. In addition, livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in west. wall of livingroom1 is Quartz and Orange as well as uses Gray Wall_Cloth for floor. kitchen1 wall is Green Bamboo_Vine, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Blue. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, floor of bedroom1 is Jade and White as well as wall is Green Cement_Board. bedroom1 has 15 squares in northwest. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in north. bedroom2 has Purple Log wall, and floor is Green Ceramic_Tile. Additionally, bedroom3 is in south with 8 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Painted_Wood and Black as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Green. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. floor of washroom1 is Log and Gray while wall is Log and Gray. washroom2 uses Black Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Painted_Wood and Blue. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Orange while has Green Quartz floor. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in east. livingroom1 wall is Gray Stone_Brick as well as has Wood_color Cement_Board floor. Besides, floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Black, and wall is Purple Painted_Wood. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, two kitchens, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has Purple Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Green Wood_Grain. washroom1 has 4 squares in center. Additionally, wall of washroom2 is Marble and Wood_color while floor is Log and Red. washroom2 has 3 squares in east. In addition, livingroom1 uses Red Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Marble and Blue. livingroom1 covers 42 square meters located in center. Additionally, study1 has 9 squares in east. study1 floor is Earth_color Coating as well as wall is Orange Marble. Besides, bedroom1 has 15 squares in west. bedroom1 wall is Red Stone_Brick, and uses Black Wall_Cloth for floor. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is Gray Granite while floor is Ceramic_Tile and White. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in center. In addition, kitchen1 is in west with 12 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Orange Wall_Cloth as well as has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor. Moreover, kitchen2 covers 10 square meters located in southeast. kitchen2 has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow. balcony1 has 7 squares in east. floor of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Red, and wall is Red Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, kitchen2, study1, washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. kitchen2 is next to balcony1, washroom2. study1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom2. balcony1 is next to washroom2. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Green, and has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall. bedroom1 has 12 squares in north. bedroom2 has 10 squares in southwest. bedroom2 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth floor while wall is White Wall_Cloth. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in west. bedroom3 has Purple Ceramics wall as well as floor is Marble and White. washroom1 wall is White Granite while floor is Granite and Green. washroom1 is in south with 3 square meters. In addition, balcony1 has 6 squares in northeast. balcony1 wall is Red Wall_Cloth as well as has White Coating floor. Besides, livingroom1 has 32 squares in east. livingroom1 uses Gray Cement_Board for floor while has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall. floor of kitchen1 is Granite and Earth_color, and wall is Earth_color Mosaic. kitchen1 has 7 squares in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. washroom1 floor is Earth_color Cement_Board, and wall is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Jade and Orange while floor is Quartz and Yellow. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom2 wall is Black Wood_Grain, and uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor. livingroom1 covers 19 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Orange Cement_Board while floor is Wallpaper and Wood_color. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Jade and Yellow, and wall is Wallpaper and Purple. kitchen1 has 3 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in west. floor of washroom1 is Mosaic and Red as well as has Earth_color Wallpaper wall. washroom2 wall is Gray Cement_Board while floor is Stone_Brick and Pink. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. livingroom1 uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Gray. livingroom1 has 48 squares in east. Moreover, study1 has Earth_color Wallpaper floor while wall is Mosaic and Yellow. study1 has 9 squares in west. Besides, bedroom1 has Purple Quartz wall, and floor is Quartz and Green. bedroom1 is in southwest with 21 square meters. bedroom2 has 16 squares in south. bedroom2 floor is Purple Mosaic as well as wall is Purple Jade. Additionally, bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 floor is Green Cement_Board while has Orange Wallpaper wall. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. kitchen1 wall is Green Rock_Plate as well as has Yellow Ceramic_Tile floor. balcony1 is in southeast with 8 square meters. balcony1 floor is Purple Ceramics while has White Wallpaper wall. balcony2 uses Purple Granite for floor as well as has Green Bamboo_Vine wall. balcony2 has 6 squares in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. study1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in north with 17 square meters. bedroom1 has Wood_color Wallpaper wall, and floor is Wood_Grain and Purple. bedroom2 uses Gray Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. bedroom2 has 9 squares in west. washroom1 has Orange Rock_Plate wall, and floor is Ceramics and Wood_color. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in south. Moreover, balcony1 is in north with 8 square meters. balcony1 uses Red Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Black. livingroom1 wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Quartz and Blue. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. Besides, kitchen1 has 8 squares in south. wall of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Red while uses Red Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 wall is Purple Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Red Mosaic. washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in north. washroom2 has Yellow Granite wall, and floor is Marble and Orange. Moreover, livingroom1 has 51 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Pink while floor is Coating and Blue. Besides, study1 has White Cement_Board wall as well as uses Orange Coating for floor. study1 has 9 squares in east. In addition, floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Purple while has Red Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1 has 19 squares in east. Moreover, floor of bedroom2 is Coating and Earth_color as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Gray. bedroom2 has 16 squares in southeast. Additionally, kitchen1 uses Pink Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Gray Wood_Veneer. kitchen1 has 10 squares in southwest. wall of balcony1 is Jade and Blue while has Yellow Stone_Brick floor. balcony1 has 3 squares in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to study1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1. washroom1 is next to washroom2. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray, and has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom1 is in center with 12 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Orange Jade as well as has Black Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. In addition, washroom1 wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood, and uses Pink Coating for floor. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Ceramics and Purple while has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Purple Rock_Plate, and floor is Rock_Plate and Green. livingroom1 has 31 squares in east. Besides, kitchen1 wall is Purple Mosaic as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Purple. kitchen1 has 6 squares in center. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. wall of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Orange as well as floor is White Ceramics. washroom2 is in north with 3 square meters. washroom2 has Black Wallpaper wall while floor is Green Ceramic_Tile. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in east. floor of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Red, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. closet1 floor is White Quartz while wall is Green Coating. closet1 has 8 squares in northeast. Moreover, bedroom1 is in southwest with 14 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Pink, and has Earth_color Coating floor. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in south. bedroom2 has Earth_color Coating floor as well as wall is Blue Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom3 uses Yellow Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Blue Coating. bedroom3 has 7 squares in northwest. Besides, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in center. kitchen1 uses Gray Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is White Marble. Additionally, balcony1 has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine floor while has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. balcony2 has Yellow Painted_Wood wall as well as uses Red Wall_Cloth for floor. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, closet1, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. closet1 is adjacent to kitchen1, balcony2. washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2, washroom2. washroom2 and balcony2 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 13 squares in west. wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Green as well as floor is Black Jade. floor of bedroom2 is Granite and Red while wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in center. floor of washroom1 is Marble and Earth_color, and wall is Mosaic and Black. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. balcony1 uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange. balcony1 is in north with 4 square meters. livingroom1 is in southeast with 21 square meters. livingroom1 has Black Wall_Cloth wall, and has Purple Painted_Wood floor. floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Gray while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, and three bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in south. washroom1 floor is Pink Wallpaper as well as wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow, and has Gray Cement_Board floor. Moreover, closet1 covers 3 square meters located in east. wall of closet1 is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color while uses Purple Ceramics for floor. bedroom1 has Yellow Jade wall, and has Gray Wood_Grain floor. bedroom1 is in northwest with 13 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 has 12 squares in east. bedroom2 uses Green Painted_Wood for floor while has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall. Additionally, floor of bedroom3 is Marble and Pink as well as has Pink Marble wall. bedroom3 is in southeast with 10 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, closet1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, closet1. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Blue as well as has Pink Wood_Grain floor. Moreover, bedroom1 has Yellow Rock_Plate floor while wall is Marble and Purple. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has 8 squares in center. bedroom2 wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Earth_color Quartz. In addition, livingroom1 uses Earth_color Wall_Cloth for floor while has White Stone_Brick wall. livingroom1 covers 24 square meters located in west. Moreover, balcony1 has 4 squares in center. balcony1 uses Purple Wood_Grain for floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Green. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one bedroom, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Mosaic and Gray, and uses Black Jade for floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. Additionally, washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in south. floor of washroom2 is Wood_Grain and Green while wall is Wood_Veneer and Red. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Granite and Blue as well as wall is Black Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. closet1 floor is White Cement_Board while wall is Stone_Brick and Green. closet1 covers 6 square meters located in center. Besides, wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and White, and floor is Ceramics and Green. bedroom1 has 11 squares in east. Additionally, kitchen1 uses Purple Marble for floor as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Gray. kitchen1 has 13 squares in east. wall of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray while has Black Wood_Veneer floor. balcony1 has 10 squares in west. Moreover, balcony2 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor, and wall is Ceramics and Earth_color. balcony2 has 2 squares in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, balcony1, closet1, washroom2. kitchen1 is next to bedroom1, closet1, washroom1, balcony2, washroom2. closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony2, washroom2. Building layout contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 wall is Blue Wood_Grain, and uses Red Wood_Grain for floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. Moreover, bedroom1 uses Black Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick. bedroom1 has 15 squares in northeast. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Blue Wood_Grain as well as uses Earth_color Cement_Board for floor. bedroom2 has 10 squares in northwest. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in southeast. bedroom3 has Blue Wood_Grain wall, and has Orange Quartz floor. livingroom1 has 47 squares in center. livingroom1 has Orange Wood_Grain wall while floor is Black Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 uses Pink Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Jade and Wood_color. kitchen1 is in south with 7 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 15 squares in west. bedroom1 has White Bamboo_Vine wall as well as uses Yellow Marble for floor. bedroom2 floor is Blue Cement_Board while wall is Blue Granite. bedroom2 is in east with 12 square meters. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. wall of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Pink as well as floor is Coating and Yellow. Moreover, balcony1 is in north with 6 square meters. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Coating while has Earth_color Rock_Plate floor. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Yellow Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Pink Cement_Board. livingroom1 is in center with 33 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 wall is White Stone_Brick while floor is Yellow Granite. kitchen1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, two livingrooms, one storage, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 wall is White Quartz, and uses Green Coating for floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. In addition, washroom2 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom2 floor is Purple Marble as well as wall is Coating and Green. Additionally, livingroom1 has 39 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Pink Coating while has Red Log floor. livingroom2 has Black Mosaic floor, and has Orange Wall_Cloth wall. livingroom2 is in west with 3 square meters. Moreover, storage1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. storage1 has Gray Ceramics wall as well as has Yellow Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 has Gray Cement_Board wall, and uses Blue Wood_Grain for floor. bedroom2 has Black Bamboo_Vine wall while floor is Jade and White. bedroom2 is in southeast with 11 square meters. bedroom3 is in northwest with 10 square meters. floor of bedroom3 is Marble and Blue as well as has Green Ceramics wall. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red, and wall is Earth_color Wall_Cloth. In addition, balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 uses Green Quartz for floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Green. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, storage1, livingroom2. balcony1, washroom1, livingroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom2, livingroom2. storage1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2, livingroom2. washroom2 is next to livingroom2. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Quartz and Green as well as floor is Purple Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has 16 squares in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color, and has Blue Jade floor. wall of bedroom3 is Wood_Veneer and Green while has Red Cement_Board floor. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in east. Moreover, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 floor is Earth_color Mosaic, and has Earth_color Cement_Board wall. washroom2 is in east with 2 square meters. washroom2 has Orange Jade wall as well as uses Orange Wallpaper for floor. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Mosaic while floor is Mosaic and Orange. balcony1 is in northwest with 5 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color, and has Orange Quartz floor. kitchen1 has 5 squares in east. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color as well as has Orange Cement_Board floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in center. floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color, and has Gray Mosaic wall. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. wall of washroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Orange as well as has Yellow Ceramic_Tile floor. livingroom1 uses Green Quartz for floor, and wall is Ceramics and Red. livingroom1 has 45 squares in east. Additionally, closet1 has Green Wallpaper wall while floor is Wood_color Coating. closet1 covers 8 square meters located in north. Moreover, bedroom1 is in west with 19 square meters. bedroom1 has Gray Mosaic wall as well as floor is Orange Cement_Board. Additionally, bedroom2 has 15 squares in center. wall of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and White, and floor is Red Marble. In addition, bedroom3 has 10 squares in west. bedroom3 floor is Yellow Rock_Plate as well as has Yellow Ceramics wall. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 has Gray Jade wall, and uses Yellow Wood_Grain for floor. balcony1 is in west with 5 square meters. balcony1 floor is Yellow Granite as well as wall is White Wallpaper. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, closet1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. closet1 is next to washroom2. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Gray Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Pink Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom2 has Purple Granite floor while has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. Additionally, bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. bedroom3 has Purple Wall_Cloth wall as well as has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile floor. washroom1 floor is Pink Wood_Veneer while has Red Marble wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. wall of balcony1 is Marble and Black, and has Blue Pure_Color_Wood floor. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. balcony2 wall is Wood_color Rock_Plate while floor is Painted_Wood and Gray. Moreover, floor of livingroom1 is Granite and Black as well as wall is Green Granite. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. kitchen1 has Wood_color Log wall while has Purple Ceramic_Tile floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. bedroom1 uses Earth_color Marble for floor as well as wall is Green Painted_Wood. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Ceramics, and floor is Pink Wood_Grain. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in north. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in southeast. washroom1 floor is Red Mosaic as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Earth_color. Besides, washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in southeast. wall of washroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Green while floor is Ceramics and Black. In addition, balcony1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. balcony1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Earth_color. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 20 square meters located in southwest. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow, and wall is Orange Jade. kitchen1 wall is White Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Yellow Marble. kitchen1 is in northwest with 11 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 floor is Green Granite as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow. bedroom1 has 13 squares in northwest. bedroom2 has 11 squares in northeast. bedroom2 wall is Red Jade, and has Black Jade floor. Moreover, bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. bedroom3 uses Blue Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is Purple Ceramics. Besides, washroom1 is in north with 3 square meters. washroom1 uses Black Mosaic for floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and White. washroom2 has Yellow Ceramics floor as well as wall is Ceramics and Red. washroom2 has 3 squares in north. Additionally, balcony1 is in west with 7 square meters. balcony1 uses Green Cement_Board for floor while has Red Painted_Wood wall. balcony2 is in east with 4 square meters. balcony2 wall is Red Marble, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Green. livingroom1 has 42 squares in center. livingroom1 has Red Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Orange Stone_Brick. kitchen1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Blue Wallpaper while floor is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to balcony1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Green Quartz. bedroom1 has 15 squares in southeast. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in west. floor of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Green as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Black. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. washroom1 has White Ceramics wall, and floor is Orange Stone_Brick. balcony1 is in northwest with 4 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Coating and Purple as well as wall is Quartz and Red. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Orange Quartz while has Black Painted_Wood floor. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has Black Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Red. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in northwest with 15 square meters. bedroom1 has Blue Granite wall as well as uses Gray Ceramic_Tile for floor. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is Yellow Coating while uses Blue Log for floor. bedroom2 is in northeast with 11 square meters. Besides, bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in southeast. bedroom3 uses Orange Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as has Black Rock_Plate wall. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color while wall is Orange Wood_Grain. balcony1 uses Green Log for floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Wood_color. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in west. livingroom1 wall is Gray Pure_Color_Wood, and has Wood_color Painted_Wood floor. livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. Additionally, wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Black as well as floor is Yellow Log. kitchen1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in east. washroom1 wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Pink Mosaic. livingroom1 uses Orange Jade for floor while has Blue Wallpaper wall. livingroom1 is in center with 31 square meters. Additionally, study1 has 9 squares in northwest. study1 floor is Yellow Rock_Plate as well as wall is Gray Stone_Brick. bedroom1 is in southeast with 13 square meters. bedroom1 uses Yellow Wall_Cloth for floor while has Blue Wood_Grain wall. bedroom2 has Yellow Ceramic_Tile floor, and wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in west. Besides, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 has Black Quartz floor while wall is Coating and Earth_color. balcony1 uses Yellow Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Blue. balcony1 has 7 squares in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, floor of bedroom1 is Quartz and White, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Yellow. bedroom1 is in southwest with 17 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 wall is White Bamboo_Vine as well as uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor. bedroom2 has 12 squares in north. washroom1 has Blue Wall_Cloth wall, and has Wood_color Jade floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. Besides, washroom2 has 3 squares in west. floor of washroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray while wall is Blue Wood_Veneer. In addition, balcony1 is in south with 5 square meters. balcony1 floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and White. balcony2 wall is Orange Stone_Brick, and floor is Log and White. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in north. Besides, wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Pink while floor is Orange Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 has 36 squares in center. kitchen1 has Gray Granite wall as well as floor is White Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 has 7 squares in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom2, balcony2. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 10 squares in north. bedroom1 has White Painted_Wood wall, and uses Red Rock_Plate for floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 uses Purple Jade for floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. balcony1 wall is Wood_color Jade as well as uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor. balcony1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood while wall is Stone_Brick and Yellow. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in west. In addition, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in south. kitchen1 uses White Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and White. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 wall is Purple Jade, and has Blue Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom1 has 11 squares in north. bedroom2 floor is Purple Cement_Board as well as has Blue Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom2 has 6 squares in center. washroom1 has 3 squares in south. floor of washroom1 is Coating and Earth_color while wall is Jade and Purple. balcony1 has Orange Jade floor, and has Orange Log wall. balcony1 covers 2 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 covers 20 square meters located in southwest. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Black as well as floor is Yellow Log. Moreover, kitchen1 has Pink Wallpaper wall, and has Wood_color Wood_Grain floor. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. floor of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Red, and wall is Quartz and Purple. floor of bedroom2 is Granite and Blue as well as wall is Log and Yellow. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. Moreover, bedroom3 wall is Yellow Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine as well as has Green Wall_Cloth floor. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 has Red Jade wall while has Yellow Granite floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. Moreover, floor of balcony2 is Ceramics and Earth_color, and has Pink Painted_Wood wall. balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray while has Purple Log floor. In addition, kitchen1 floor is Green Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Log and Red. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom1 floor is Blue Cement_Board as well as wall is Earth_color Log. In addition, washroom2 is in southeast with 2 square meters. washroom2 wall is Blue Coating while floor is Green Jade. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and Pink, and wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood. Besides, study1 floor is Red Quartz while wall is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. study1 is in east with 8 square meters. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 has Pink Wallpaper wall, and uses Yellow Log for floor. bedroom2 floor is Gray Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Green. bedroom2 has 10 squares in east. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in south. kitchen1 has White Mosaic wall while floor is Pink Rock_Plate. floor of balcony1 is Jade and Green as well as wall is Pink Rock_Plate. balcony1 is in southwest with 3 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. study1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 wall is Purple Mosaic as well as has Earth_color Quartz floor. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 has Blue Marble wall while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Blue. Moreover, bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. bedroom2 has Blue Painted_Wood floor as well as has Red Wallpaper wall. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Black Log, and wall is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 has 18 squares in center. Moreover, kitchen1 uses Earth_color Quartz for floor while wall is Quartz and Red. kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Blue Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Orange Log. bedroom1 is in north with 14 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 has Orange Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Pink Log. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. bedroom3 has 9 squares in west. floor of bedroom3 is Wood_Veneer and White, and wall is Cement_Board and Red. washroom1 has 3 squares in south. washroom1 wall is White Granite while floor is Red Painted_Wood. Besides, wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Wood_color, and has White Wallpaper floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. In addition, livingroom1 is in east with 36 square meters. livingroom1 uses White Granite for floor while has Gray Granite wall. kitchen1 floor is Pink Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Black. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in east. bedroom1 wall is Red Jade, and floor is Marble and Pink. In addition, bedroom2 floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine as well as has Orange Wallpaper wall. bedroom2 covers 15 square meters located in west. bedroom3 is in center with 11 square meters. bedroom3 has Pink Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Stone_Brick and Blue. Additionally, floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red as well as has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in center. In addition, balcony1 has Purple Marble wall while has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is White Log as well as wall is White Ceramics. livingroom1 has 39 squares in center. Moreover, kitchen1 wall is Blue Ceramics, and uses Earth_color Log for floor. kitchen1 has 10 squares in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, kitchen1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in north with 13 square meters. bedroom1 has Pink Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Black Wood_Grain. In addition, wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and Pink while floor is White Marble. bedroom2 has 10 squares in south. Besides, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in center. washroom1 uses Green Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Red Stone_Brick. balcony1 wall is Purple Mosaic while floor is Wood_Grain and Orange. balcony1 is in east with 3 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Pink Mosaic as well as has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall. livingroom1 has 21 squares in center. kitchen1 has Pink Marble floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1. Building layout contains one livingroom, one corridor, and one kitchen. In practice, livingroom1 has 27 squares in west. livingroom1 has Black Mosaic floor, and has Gray Painted_Wood wall. corridor1 has 4 squares in northeast. corridor1 wall is Red Jade as well as uses Gray Jade for floor. wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and Pink while floor is Orange Rock_Plate. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, corridor1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 4 squares in north. washroom1 has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Orange Ceramic_Tile. floor of washroom2 is Painted_Wood and Gray while has Red Wood_Veneer wall. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. Moreover, livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. livingroom1 has Black Granite floor, and wall is Earth_color Marble. Besides, study1 covers 9 square meters located in west. study1 wall is Black Cement_Board as well as floor is Red Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 has 17 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has Gray Rock_Plate wall while uses Red Ceramic_Tile for floor. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Ceramics, and floor is Orange Rock_Plate. bedroom2 is in west with 9 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 floor is Orange Marble as well as wall is Wood_Grain and White. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. Moreover, balcony1 has 7 squares in east. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow while floor is Red Quartz. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is next to bedroom2, kitchen1. washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in west with 11 square meters. bedroom1 uses Purple Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Pink. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in center. bedroom2 wall is Gray Ceramic_Tile while has Blue Coating floor. In addition, washroom1 floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Earth_color Quartz. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 uses White Quartz for floor while has Green Cement_Board wall. livingroom1 has Yellow Wood_Grain floor, and has Green Wood_Veneer wall. livingroom1 is in south with 26 square meters. kitchen1 has 5 squares in northeast. kitchen1 wall is Black Wallpaper while floor is Wood_Grain and Pink. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. The building contains two washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in south. washroom1 has Orange Rock_Plate wall as well as uses Black Granite for floor. Moreover, washroom2 has 4 squares in west. floor of washroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Pink, and wall is Rock_Plate and White. Additionally, study1 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. study1 uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Purple Marble. In addition, bedroom1 has 24 squares in southeast. bedroom1 wall is Blue Ceramics while floor is Earth_color Mosaic. Additionally, bedroom2 uses Green Coating for floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Orange. bedroom2 has 16 squares in center. livingroom1 has Orange Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Painted_Wood and Wood_color. livingroom1 has 65 squares in north. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. floor of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Wood_color as well as has Red Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2 and study1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in northwest with 15 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Black Log. Moreover, bedroom2 has 12 squares in center. bedroom2 uses Red Granite for floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. Besides, washroom1 has Purple Painted_Wood wall while floor is Ceramics and Gray. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. In addition, balcony1 has 7 squares in southeast. balcony1 floor is Red Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Wallpaper and White. Besides, balcony2 is in northeast with 2 square meters. balcony2 has Red Jade floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Wood_color. Moreover, livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Wood_Grain while wall is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 is in center with 31 square meters. kitchen1 has Orange Wall_Cloth floor as well as has Blue Marble wall. kitchen1 has 7 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 uses Pink Mosaic for floor, and has Earth_color Cement_Board wall. bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 has Orange Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Log and Black. Moreover, bedroom3 floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood, and wall is White Ceramics. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. Additionally, washroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall while floor is Pink Marble. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. wall of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Yellow. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. Moreover, balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. balcony2 uses Red Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Jade and Green. In addition, livingroom1 has Earth_color Quartz floor while has Orange Ceramics wall. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. kitchen1 wall is Pink Wall_Cloth, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 wall is Blue Wood_Veneer as well as has Blue Wood_Veneer floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 has Blue Log wall while floor is Wall_Cloth and Black. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. In addition, wall of study1 is Stone_Brick and Yellow, and floor is White Bamboo_Vine. study1 is in west with 14 square meters. corridor1 covers 3 square meters located in south. corridor1 wall is White Granite as well as uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor. Besides, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 has Gray Log wall while uses Green Marble for floor. bedroom2 has 13 squares in east. bedroom2 wall is Green Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Pink Painted_Wood. Moreover, kitchen1 is in east with 9 square meters. kitchen1 has Gray Marble wall, and uses Black Wallpaper for floor. In addition, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. floor of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color while wall is Green Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1. balcony1 and study1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to corridor1. The house plan has one washroom, two livingrooms, and one bedroom. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Log and Orange as well as uses Wood_color Mosaic for floor. washroom1 is in west with 6 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Blue Jade while floor is Mosaic and Gray. livingroom1 has 15 squares in center. Besides, livingroom2 has Purple Log wall, and floor is Green Cement_Board. livingroom2 is in east with 12 square meters. Additionally, bedroom1 has 13 squares in center. bedroom1 has Blue Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Ceramics and Yellow. bedroom1, livingroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in south. bedroom1 has Orange Cement_Board wall, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Red. In addition, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 uses Yellow Log for floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Green. Additionally, balcony1 has Green Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Jade and Wood_color. balcony1 has 5 squares in southwest. Besides, livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in west. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Green while wall is Wallpaper and White. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall, and has Wood_color Cement_Board floor. bedroom1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 is in center with 6 square meters. washroom1 uses Purple Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is White Pure_Color_Wood. Additionally, livingroom1 has 34 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Red while uses Earth_color Granite for floor. study1 is in north with 10 square meters. study1 uses Black Log for floor, and wall is Stone_Brick and Yellow. Moreover, wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Red as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Orange. bedroom1 has 11 squares in west. floor of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Green while wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. In addition, kitchen1 wall is White Ceramic_Tile as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Black. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in east. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood, and floor is Wood_color Wallpaper. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1. study1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 wall is Orange Jade, and uses Wood_color Painted_Wood for floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. bedroom1 wall is Gray Coating while has Black Marble floor. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 has 26 squares in center. livingroom1 has Red Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Coating and Black. kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in west. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Green, and floor is Green Wall_Cloth. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Gray Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Purple Mosaic. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom1 is Granite and Yellow while uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor. Moreover, bedroom2 has 9 squares in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Pink, and floor is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. In addition, livingroom1 has White Cement_Board floor as well as has Black Mosaic wall. livingroom1 has 34 squares in center. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in west. wall of kitchen1 is Wall_Cloth and Black while uses Gray Wallpaper for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. House has two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Red Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Log and Orange. washroom2 has Earth_color Ceramics floor while wall is Gray Coating. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. bedroom1 has Purple Quartz floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and Wood_color. bedroom1 has 17 squares in northeast. Additionally, bedroom2 has White Painted_Wood wall, and uses Wood_color Log for floor. bedroom2 has 13 squares in northwest. bedroom3 is in south with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray while uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor. livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Wood_Grain, and wall is Orange Coating. livingroom1 has 48 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 has 7 squares in west. kitchen1 floor is Red Ceramic_Tile while wall is Wallpaper and Purple. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, four washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 wall is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile, and has Black Log floor. bedroom1 is in west with 13 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 is in northwest with 10 square meters. bedroom2 uses Green Quartz for floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. bedroom3 floor is Blue Rock_Plate while has Purple Cement_Board wall. bedroom3 is in north with 10 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Coating and Green, and wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick. washroom1 has 4 squares in northwest. In addition, washroom2 wall is Earth_color Granite while uses White Painted_Wood for floor. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom3 wall is Wood_color Ceramics as well as has Green Mosaic floor. washroom3 is in west with 2 square meters. Besides, floor of washroom4 is Quartz and Orange while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. washroom4 covers 2 square meters located in center. Additionally, balcony1 is in southwest with 3 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Black, and uses White Ceramic_Tile for floor. livingroom1 has 38 squares in east. livingroom1 uses Wood_color Marble for floor while wall is Marble and Pink. kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Mosaic, and has Blue Log floor. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2, washroom4. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom3. bedroom3, washroom1, washroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2, washroom4. washroom3 and washroom1 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom4. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 is in north with 3 square meters. washroom1 floor is Green Painted_Wood as well as has White Ceramics wall. bedroom1 is in east with 13 square meters. bedroom1 has Orange Marble floor while wall is Earth_color Granite. bedroom2 uses Yellow Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Purple Wallpaper. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has Wood_color Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Gray. livingroom1 covers 20 square meters located in center. In addition, kitchen1 uses Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color. kitchen1 has 5 squares in center. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. In practice, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Orange Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Blue Wood_Veneer. Moreover, floor of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Blue while wall is Wood_Veneer and Blue. livingroom1 is in center with 27 square meters. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in east. wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Green, and floor is Coating and Yellow. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 floor is Earth_color Log as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Black. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Yellow, and floor is Ceramics and Black. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 wall is White Wall_Cloth while has Black Wallpaper floor. kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in south with 16 square meters. bedroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Purple Coating. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Pink while floor is Jade and Blue. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in north. Additionally, bedroom3 has 11 squares in northeast. bedroom3 floor is White Quartz as well as has Pink Coating wall. washroom1 floor is Black Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Orange Marble. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. wall of washroom2 is Painted_Wood and Purple as well as uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. wall of balcony1 is Marble and White, and floor is Orange Ceramics. balcony1 is in west with 5 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Jade and Orange as well as uses Yellow Pure_Color_Wood for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in east. kitchen1 uses Yellow Wood_Grain for floor while wall is Gray Jade. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, one storage, two bedrooms, and one balcony. Specifically, wall of washroom1 is Granite and Gray as well as floor is Quartz and Red. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in east. In addition, washroom2 is in north with 5 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Wood_Grain and Pink while floor is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile. Besides, wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Purple as well as uses Purple Stone_Brick for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 51 square meters. study1 covers 11 square meters located in south. study1 wall is Wood_color Wallpaper while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and White. storage1 floor is Purple Painted_Wood as well as has Red Rock_Plate wall. storage1 has 17 squares in north. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 has Blue Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Blue Mosaic. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Blue Mosaic as well as floor is Blue Coating. bedroom2 has 17 squares in northeast. balcony1 has 5 squares in south. balcony1 wall is Blue Ceramics while has Pink Wallpaper floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony1, storage1. bedroom1 is next to study1, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1, washroom2, storage1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to balcony1. storage1 and washroom1 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to storage1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 17 squares in north. wall of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red, and uses Red Granite for floor. bedroom2 floor is Red Quartz as well as has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in center. Additionally, bedroom3 has 8 squares in southwest. bedroom3 has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. washroom1 has 5 squares in south. floor of washroom1 is Jade and Earth_color as well as has Green Jade wall. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 uses Red Ceramics for floor, and has White Wood_Grain wall. Besides, livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Orange Jade while wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 uses Red Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Ceramics and Gray. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 wall is Wood_color Mosaic, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Black. washroom1 has 5 squares in south. washroom2 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom2 uses Orange Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Gray Granite. study1 floor is Black Rock_Plate while has Gray Jade wall. study1 has 11 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has Orange Quartz wall as well as floor is Coating and Earth_color. bedroom1 is in south with 20 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 has Orange Stone_Brick wall, and has Green Jade floor. bedroom2 has 10 squares in southwest. livingroom1 has 58 squares in center. livingroom1 has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor while wall is Quartz and Earth_color. Besides, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in east. balcony1 floor is Yellow Quartz as well as wall is Coating and Blue. balcony2 uses Green Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Log and Pink. balcony2 is in west with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, balcony1, balcony2, washroom2. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 wall is Black Painted_Wood as well as floor is Gray Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. Additionally, bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom2 has Yellow Rock_Plate floor while has Black Wall_Cloth wall. Besides, bedroom3 has Red Jade wall as well as floor is Wood_color Granite. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and White while wall is Wood_Grain and Orange. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. Additionally, balcony1 has Green Wall_Cloth floor, and has Gray Wallpaper wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony2 wall is White Ceramics as well as uses Yellow Coating for floor. balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Orange Granite while uses Red Wood_Grain for floor. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. floor of kitchen1 is Coating and Yellow as well as wall is Marble and Pink. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 floor is Yellow Painted_Wood as well as has Earth_color Log wall. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood while floor is Marble and Wood_color. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom2 wall is Red Stone_Brick as well as uses Purple Granite for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has 33 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Red Ceramics, and has Gray Wood_Veneer floor. In addition, balcony1 is in east with 5 square meters. balcony1 wall is Gray Rock_Plate while has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in west with 19 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Coating and Black as well as floor is Wood_color Granite. bedroom2 has 54 squares in northeast. wall of bedroom2 is Marble and White while floor is Pink Granite. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Green, and uses Purple Bamboo_Vine for floor. Moreover, balcony1 floor is Orange Ceramic_Tile as well as has Pink Mosaic wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in northeast. Besides, livingroom1 wall is Orange Painted_Wood, and floor is Pink Ceramics. livingroom1 has 54 squares in center. In addition, kitchen1 is in east with 5 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color as well as floor is White Marble. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1 is adjacent to kitchen1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and two kitchens. In practice, bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Blue, and wall is Wallpaper and Yellow. bedroom2 floor is Orange Rock_Plate while wall is White Mosaic. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Orange Jade as well as uses Green Marble for floor. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom1 floor is Green Wood_Grain while has Red Ceramics wall. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow as well as has Green Quartz floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Earth_color, and uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor. wall of kitchen1 is Granite and Blue as well as floor is Yellow Jade. kitchen1 is in north with 4 square meters. Besides, kitchen2 wall is Earth_color Wood_Grain while floor is Ceramics and Pink. kitchen2 covers 2 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1, kitchen2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to kitchen2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 floor is Orange Log, and wall is Black Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. Additionally, bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Black while uses Blue Wood_Veneer for floor. Besides, bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom3 uses Gray Granite for floor as well as wall is Purple Granite. washroom1 has Wood_color Wallpaper wall, and has Wood_color Quartz floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. wall of balcony1 is Rock_Plate and Green as well as has White Wall_Cloth floor. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. balcony2 uses Green Wood_Grain for floor while has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and White, and floor is Red Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. kitchen1 floor is Orange Wood_Grain while wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has Blue Wallpaper wall as well as uses Orange Rock_Plate for floor. washroom1 is in south with 6 square meters. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom1 is Quartz and Pink, and wall is Wallpaper and Purple. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Log and Orange while has Wood_color Log floor. livingroom1 has 61 squares in center. In addition, kitchen1 is in southwest with 9 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Orange, and wall is White Painted_Wood. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Green as well as has Blue Painted_Wood wall. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is in east with 38 square meters. livingroom1 has Orange Log wall, and has Red Wood_Veneer floor. floor of closet1 is Wall_Cloth and Gray while wall is Stone_Brick and Orange. closet1 is in west with 5 square meters. study1 is in south with 11 square meters. study1 has Yellow Mosaic wall, and has Yellow Granite floor. bedroom1 is in southwest with 15 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Quartz and White while uses Blue Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom2 has 9 squares in northwest. floor of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Gray, and wall is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. kitchen1 wall is Pink Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Marble and Gray. kitchen1 is in north with 10 square meters. balcony1 floor is Purple Wood_Grain, and has Wood_color Granite wall. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, kitchen1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, closet1. bedroom1 is next to study1, closet1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, closet1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in south. washroom1 has Orange Marble floor as well as has Orange Coating wall. livingroom1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall while floor is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color. livingroom1 is in center with 34 square meters. floor of study1 is Bamboo_Vine and Blue as well as wall is Red Wall_Cloth. study1 is in center with 7 square meters. bedroom1 has 13 squares in east. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow while wall is Rock_Plate and Gray. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in west. bedroom2 wall is Gray Stone_Brick as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Black. Besides, kitchen1 floor is Red Quartz, and has Gray Marble wall. kitchen1 is in west with 5 square meters. balcony1 has 7 squares in east. balcony1 wall is Purple Rock_Plate as well as uses Gray Painted_Wood for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to study1, kitchen1. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Gray Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Gray Rock_Plate. bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in south. In addition, bedroom2 has 7 squares in north. bedroom2 has Gray Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Log and Red. Moreover, washroom1 is in center with 3 square meters. washroom1 wall is Green Jade while uses Yellow Painted_Wood for floor. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Blue as well as has Gray Bamboo_Vine wall. balcony1 has 4 squares in south. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Rock_Plate while floor is Coating and White. livingroom1 covers 20 square meters located in center. Besides, wall of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Wood_color, and uses Black Cement_Board for floor. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom1 floor is Purple Wood_Veneer as well as has Purple Rock_Plate wall. bedroom2 has Black Painted_Wood wall while floor is Wallpaper and Orange. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom3 has Green Painted_Wood wall as well as has Wood_color Jade floor. bedroom3 covers 6 square meters located in center. In addition, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 uses Red Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Ceramics and Blue. Besides, balcony1 wall is Red Wall_Cloth while has Gray Ceramic_Tile floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. livingroom1 floor is Yellow Wood_Veneer, and has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall. livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine while has Green Stone_Brick wall. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Mosaic and Blue as well as has Gray Wood_Veneer floor. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom1 is Jade and Orange, and wall is Jade and Purple. livingroom1 has Red Log wall as well as has Green Pure_Color_Wood floor. livingroom1 is in center with 25 square meters. In addition, wall of kitchen1 is Log and White, and has Earth_color Jade floor. kitchen1 covers 11 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. floor of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Pink as well as has Green Marble wall. bedroom1 has Black Stone_Brick wall while floor is Granite and Earth_color. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Yellow Wall_Cloth. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Black, and floor is Wood_Grain and Black. kitchen1 covers 12 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Yellow Log wall as well as floor is Earth_color Painted_Wood. In addition, bedroom1 uses Yellow Granite for floor, and wall is Black Painted_Wood. bedroom1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 22 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Orange Wood_Veneer while has Orange Jade wall. kitchen1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Pink Bamboo_Vine as well as has Wood_color Marble floor. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 wall is Black Wood_Veneer, and floor is Rock_Plate and Black. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in center. Moreover, floor of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and White as well as has Gray Rock_Plate wall. bedroom2 has 12 squares in west. washroom1 floor is Wood_color Mosaic while wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine. washroom1 is in north with 6 square meters. balcony1 has 13 squares in east. balcony1 has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Pink. livingroom1 has 27 squares in center. livingroom1 has Purple Coating floor while wall is White Rock_Plate. floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red, and has Orange Log wall. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in northeast with 14 square meters. bedroom1 has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor as well as has Wood_color Log wall. bedroom2 has Yellow Wallpaper floor while wall is Purple Wood_Veneer. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in north. Moreover, bedroom3 has 8 squares in southeast. bedroom3 floor is White Marble, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Blue. Additionally, washroom1 wall is Yellow Granite while uses Purple Coating for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. washroom2 uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor, and wall is Ceramics and Green. washroom2 has 4 squares in east. balcony1 covers 2 square meters located in south. wall of balcony1 is Wallpaper and Black while floor is Mosaic and Earth_color. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in west. floor of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color, and has Green Granite wall. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 floor is Orange Ceramics while wall is Stone_Brick and Red. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1, balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom1 floor is Yellow Painted_Wood, and has Earth_color Painted_Wood wall. bedroom2 has Wood_color Jade wall while floor is Green Quartz. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom3 has Black Marble floor as well as wall is Purple Cement_Board. bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. washroom1 has Gray Mosaic wall while floor is Red Coating. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 has Yellow Marble wall, and has Earth_color Log floor. In addition, balcony2 has 2 squares in north. balcony2 uses Red Coating for floor as well as wall is White Painted_Wood. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. livingroom1 has Purple Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Yellow Wallpaper. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. kitchen1 has Wood_color Jade wall while uses Yellow Wood_Grain for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Red, and wall is Cement_Board and Purple. livingroom1 has 40 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and Blue as well as wall is Pink Marble. study1 covers 10 square meters located in east. study1 has Gray Granite floor while wall is Jade and Blue. bedroom1 has Pink Mosaic floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Blue. bedroom1 has 16 squares in south. Moreover, bedroom2 has 11 squares in northeast. floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and Orange, and wall is Gray Quartz. kitchen1 has 7 squares in northwest. kitchen1 has Gray Granite floor while wall is Stone_Brick and White. In addition, balcony1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. balcony1 wall is Green Bamboo_Vine, and floor is Log and Blue. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to study1. study1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 uses Pink Coating for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Gray. bedroom1 has 7 squares in north. Additionally, bedroom2 has 7 squares in northeast. wall of bedroom2 is Granite and Green as well as has Red Quartz floor. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and White, and uses Orange Jade for floor. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in east. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color as well as floor is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. In addition, livingroom1 has 16 squares in center. livingroom1 has Blue Painted_Wood wall while floor is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. kitchen1 floor is Purple Granite as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. kitchen1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Orange as well as floor is Black Bamboo_Vine. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. In addition, washroom2 is in center with 4 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red while wall is Wall_Cloth and Pink. livingroom1 is in center with 26 square meters. livingroom1 has Yellow Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Gray Log. study1 wall is Pink Cement_Board while has Black Rock_Plate floor. study1 covers 4 square meters located in north. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in south. bedroom1 floor is Orange Marble, and wall is Green Quartz. bedroom2 floor is Yellow Ceramics as well as wall is Wood_color Quartz. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in south. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. kitchen1 wall is Red Painted_Wood while floor is Quartz and Red. wall of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow as well as uses Blue Bamboo_Vine for floor. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, study1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to study1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in south. washroom1 has Wood_color Granite floor, and wall is Orange Wallpaper. Moreover, bedroom1 floor is Red Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Black Painted_Wood. bedroom1 is in south with 14 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 has 9 squares in center. bedroom2 uses Green Coating for floor while wall is White Wall_Cloth. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Wood_color, and wall is Rock_Plate and Wood_color. Besides, kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 floor is Red Ceramic_Tile as well as has White Ceramics wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, floor of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Red as well as wall is Orange Coating. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Mosaic, and floor is Pink Stone_Brick. livingroom1 has 23 squares in center. study1 covers 6 square meters located in north. study1 floor is Purple Cement_Board as well as wall is Purple Wallpaper. bedroom1 covers 9 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 has Yellow Wall_Cloth wall while has Green Stone_Brick floor. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Log as well as has Pink Stone_Brick floor. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in east. floor of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Black while wall is Jade and Pink. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southeast. Additionally, balcony1 is in north with 2 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Gray, and floor is Marble and Orange. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to study1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to balcony1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. floor of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red as well as has Red Jade wall. bedroom2 has White Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in southeast. Additionally, wall of washroom1 is Mosaic and Red as well as floor is Purple Wood_Grain. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in west. balcony1 has Earth_color Granite wall while floor is Purple Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 is in north with 7 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 27 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Jade and Red, and wall is Log and Pink. kitchen1 has 7 squares in southwest. kitchen1 has Blue Wallpaper floor while wall is Purple Jade. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 floor is Pink Granite, and has White Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1 is in west with 13 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 has 11 squares in west. bedroom2 has Wood_color Coating floor while wall is Black Quartz. washroom1 wall is Red Rock_Plate as well as floor is Ceramics and Yellow. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Blue while has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor. balcony1 is in west with 4 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 has 20 squares in center. livingroom1 has Green Bamboo_Vine floor, and has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall. wall of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Green as well as has Red Stone_Brick floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in west with 15 square meters. bedroom1 uses Blue Coating for floor, and wall is Black Marble. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Pink as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. Additionally, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Red while floor is Gray Wood_Veneer. balcony1 has 7 squares in west. balcony1 uses Yellow Cement_Board for floor, and has White Stone_Brick wall. livingroom1 has Earth_color Marble floor while has Green Wall_Cloth wall. livingroom1 is in center with 32 square meters. kitchen1 is in east with 6 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Jade and Green as well as wall is White Wallpaper. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has Purple Cement_Board wall as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Purple. washroom1 has 3 squares in south. In addition, washroom2 has 2 squares in south. washroom2 has Blue Wallpaper wall while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Blue. Besides, study1 has White Jade wall as well as floor is Black Jade. study1 is in southwest with 12 square meters. bedroom1 has Wood_color Granite wall while uses Red Wallpaper for floor. bedroom1 has 13 squares in northeast. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in southeast. floor of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Green, and wall is Ceramics and Yellow. livingroom1 has 34 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Green Wallpaper as well as wall is Gray Quartz. kitchen1 has 5 squares in south. kitchen1 floor is Red Jade while wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 floor is White Quartz, and wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. bedroom1 has 15 squares in east. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in west. bedroom2 uses Green Granite for floor while wall is Red Bamboo_Vine. washroom1 floor is Pink Coating as well as wall is Log and Gray. washroom1 has 3 squares in north. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall while has Pink Ceramic_Tile floor. Moreover, livingroom1 uses Yellow Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Purple. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in south. kitchen1 is in west with 6 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Blue Granite while wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Orange, and wall is Blue Stone_Brick. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in north. Additionally, bedroom2 is in northeast with 13 square meters. bedroom2 has Gray Mosaic wall while uses Blue Bamboo_Vine for floor. Besides, bedroom3 wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Gray Wood_Grain. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. wall of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Black, and uses Pink Coating for floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. washroom2 has 3 squares in southeast. floor of washroom2 is Stone_Brick and White as well as has White Quartz wall. balcony1 floor is Pink Wood_Grain, and wall is White Coating. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is in center with 27 square meters. livingroom1 has Purple Marble wall while has Pink Cement_Board floor. Additionally, kitchen1 has 12 squares in east. kitchen1 wall is Yellow Wood_Grain, and floor is Purple Coating. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. washroom1, washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to balcony1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, floor of washroom1 is Ceramics and Wood_color, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. washroom1 has 5 squares in northwest. Additionally, bedroom1 has 12 squares in southeast. bedroom1 wall is Purple Mosaic as well as uses Purple Cement_Board for floor. Besides, bedroom2 uses Red Jade for floor, and wall is Green Ceramics. bedroom2 has 10 squares in northeast. livingroom1 has 34 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Orange as well as wall is White Wallpaper. Moreover, kitchen1 wall is Blue Stone_Brick, and has White Ceramic_Tile floor. kitchen1 is in center with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1. kitchen1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Marble as well as floor is Earth_color Coating. bedroom2 has Red Ceramics floor while wall is Jade and Green. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in west. Additionally, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 uses Yellow Cement_Board for floor, and has Pink Jade wall. In addition, balcony1 is in east with 5 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow while has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Blue, and has Black Rock_Plate floor. wall of kitchen1 is Marble and Red as well as floor is Ceramics and Earth_color. kitchen1 has 4 squares in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Black as well as uses Purple Coating for floor. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. In addition, study1 covers 12 square meters located in south. wall of study1 is Wood_Grain and Purple while has Purple Wallpaper floor. Besides, bedroom1 is in northwest with 16 square meters. bedroom1 uses Earth_color Ceramics for floor, and has Blue Mosaic wall. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Blue Marble as well as uses Yellow Wallpaper for floor. bedroom2 is in southwest with 13 square meters. livingroom1 covers 42 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Purple Granite wall, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Gray. In addition, kitchen1 has Orange Ceramics floor while has Orange Rock_Plate wall. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. study1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to kitchen1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, floor of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Green as well as wall is Yellow Mosaic. bedroom1 has 15 squares in northeast. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Granite and Wood_color, and uses Gray Log for floor. Moreover, bedroom3 has 13 squares in west. floor of bedroom3 is Quartz and Yellow as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Gray. Besides, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Quartz and Pink while uses Yellow Pure_Color_Wood for floor. Additionally, washroom2 floor is White Quartz as well as wall is Black Coating. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in east. Besides, balcony1 has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is White Log. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. balcony2 wall is Green Marble as well as floor is Quartz and Gray. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 has 35 squares in south. wall of livingroom1 is Quartz and Gray while uses Gray Mosaic for floor. In addition, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Purple, and wall is Yellow Wood_Grain. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. washroom1 has Wood_color Ceramics wall as well as floor is Ceramics and Green. In addition, bedroom1 wall is Red Log, and has Red Mosaic floor. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 25 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Red. kitchen1 uses Red Coating for floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Orange. kitchen1 has 12 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 is in center with 5 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color, and wall is Quartz and Yellow. Additionally, bedroom1 has 16 squares in southeast. wall of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red while floor is Wood_Veneer and Orange. Moreover, bedroom2 has Orange Ceramic_Tile floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and White. bedroom2 has 9 squares in northeast. livingroom1 covers 19 square meters located in north. livingroom1 has Purple Rock_Plate wall while floor is Black Cement_Board. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Wood_Veneer as well as has Gray Mosaic floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Black Jade wall, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Purple. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 has Purple Marble floor while wall is White Mosaic. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. In addition, bedroom3 has 8 squares in south. bedroom3 wall is Purple Ceramic_Tile as well as floor is Green Coating. Besides, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in south. wall of washroom1 is Log and Earth_color, and floor is Marble and Blue. washroom2 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Rock_Plate and Earth_color as well as uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor. Additionally, balcony1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. balcony1 floor is Black Jade, and has Wood_color Log wall. balcony2 has Wood_color Coating wall while floor is Log and Green. balcony2 is in south with 7 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 has Orange Coating floor as well as wall is White Cement_Board. livingroom1 is in east with 28 square meters. Besides, floor of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Blue, and wall is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony2, washroom1, washroom2. balcony2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Red Mosaic floor, and has Pink Rock_Plate wall. bedroom1 has 18 squares in north. bedroom2 wall is Gray Ceramics while floor is Black Mosaic. bedroom2 is in northwest with 16 square meters. Moreover, bedroom3 has 15 squares in southeast. bedroom3 floor is Earth_color Painted_Wood, and has Green Jade wall. washroom1 has 8 squares in southwest. washroom1 wall is White Ceramics as well as has Yellow Wall_Cloth floor. Additionally, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in east. wall of balcony1 is Jade and Orange while has Gray Granite floor. In addition, livingroom1 has 41 squares in center. livingroom1 has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Wallpaper and Purple. Besides, floor of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple while has Black Wallpaper wall. kitchen1 is in west with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. washroom1 is next to kitchen1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Quartz and Earth_color as well as uses Blue Jade for floor. washroom2 floor is Purple Mosaic while has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom2 is in northeast with 4 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 43 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Red Painted_Wood as well as wall is Red Coating. Additionally, study1 covers 9 square meters located in east. wall of study1 is Coating and White, and has Green Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom1 has 17 squares in west. bedroom1 uses Red Quartz for floor while wall is Granite and Yellow. bedroom2 has 10 squares in east. bedroom2 uses Gray Rock_Plate for floor as well as has Purple Bamboo_Vine wall. Besides, bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in center. bedroom3 wall is Yellow Ceramics while has Blue Coating floor. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Log and Green. balcony1 has Red Wallpaper wall while uses Black Mosaic for floor. balcony1 has 6 squares in west. balcony2 has 3 squares in east. balcony2 uses Blue Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and Purple. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to study1, washroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1, balcony2 and study1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Red, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom2 wall is Orange Painted_Wood as well as floor is Green Ceramics. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. Additionally, bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. bedroom3 floor is Wood_color Coating while wall is Cement_Board and White. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. washroom1 has Orange Bamboo_Vine wall, and floor is Black Ceramics. In addition, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 wall is Pink Stone_Brick while has Pink Stone_Brick floor. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. balcony2 uses Pink Quartz for floor, and wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. livingroom1 has Orange Coating wall while uses Wood_color Marble for floor. Besides, kitchen1 has Green Ceramic_Tile floor, and wall is Blue Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, floor of washroom1 is Mosaic and White, and wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. washroom2 wall is Pink Wood_Grain while has Green Ceramic_Tile floor. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 covers 21 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Orange, and floor is Black Stone_Brick. bedroom2 has Orange Wall_Cloth floor as well as has Purple Painted_Wood wall. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in north. floor of bedroom3 is Marble and White while has Earth_color Quartz wall. livingroom1 has 51 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Purple Granite for floor, and wall is White Wood_Grain. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in west. kitchen1 has Red Painted_Wood wall while floor is Orange Wood_Veneer. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom2. kitchen1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 16 squares in southwest. bedroom1 has White Mosaic wall, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Blue. bedroom2 has Black Wood_Veneer floor while wall is Blue Wall_Cloth. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 uses Green Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Blue Wood_Veneer. bedroom3 is in north with 14 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. washroom1 wall is Red Cement_Board as well as has White Ceramic_Tile floor. Besides, washroom2 has 5 squares in west. washroom2 has White Coating wall while uses Red Painted_Wood for floor. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. balcony1 uses Gray Wallpaper for floor as well as has Blue Jade wall. In addition, livingroom1 has Gray Marble floor, and wall is Stone_Brick and White. livingroom1 is in center with 43 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Red. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has Black Mosaic wall, and uses Earth_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. Additionally, bedroom1 has White Wallpaper wall while floor is Mosaic and Green. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. bedroom2 wall is Purple Wallpaper, and has Pink Ceramic_Tile floor. livingroom1 has 18 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Orange Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Granite and Green. kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. kitchen1 uses Blue Ceramics for floor while wall is Cement_Board and Red. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in west. bedroom1 wall is Green Ceramics, and uses Green Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom2 has White Ceramics wall while floor is Earth_color Granite. bedroom2 is in southwest with 10 square meters. In addition, bedroom3 has White Bamboo_Vine wall as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Orange. bedroom3 covers 4 square meters located in center. Moreover, wall of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Blue while uses Wood_color Mosaic for floor. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in east. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is White Ceramics, and has Red Coating wall. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 has Gray Bamboo_Vine wall as well as uses Wood_color Painted_Wood for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, bedroom3. bedroom2, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Green Stone_Brick wall, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Red. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in east. bedroom2 wall is Red Granite as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and White. bedroom2 is in west with 8 square meters. Additionally, wall of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Pink while uses Wood_color Wood_Grain for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Besides, balcony1 uses Black Granite for floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Yellow. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in east. livingroom1 floor is White Jade while has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall. livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. kitchen1 uses Purple Quartz for floor as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Black. kitchen1 is in west with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, floor of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Green as well as wall is Blue Rock_Plate. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. floor of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Green while wall is Gray Coating. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. bedroom3 wall is Blue Wallpaper, and floor is Cement_Board and White. Additionally, washroom1 wall is Gray Coating while uses Earth_color Quartz for floor. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 wall is Yellow Wood_Grain, and uses Pink Granite for floor. In addition, balcony2 has Yellow Coating wall as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Purple. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Red Ceramics for floor while has Black Jade wall. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in center. Moreover, kitchen1 has 4 squares in north. kitchen1 wall is Purple Granite as well as uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1, balcony2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in southwest with 18 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Pink Wood_Veneer, and has Pink Marble wall. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 uses Black Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as has Wood_color Granite wall. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 floor is Blue Jade while wall is White Marble. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom1 has Blue Granite floor as well as wall is Purple Painted_Wood. washroom2 has Black Rock_Plate floor, and has White Cement_Board wall. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. wall of balcony1 is Ceramics and Earth_color as well as floor is Log and White. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is in center with 44 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Black Log, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. kitchen1 wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood while has White Granite floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in east. washroom1 has Green Quartz wall, and has Green Cement_Board floor. In addition, balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. floor of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Green as well as has Black Ceramics wall. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Wood_color, and has Green Marble floor. livingroom1 has 70 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 has White Mosaic floor while wall is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in east. kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has Earth_color Cement_Board wall, and floor is Purple Wood_Veneer. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. livingroom1 floor is Gray Rock_Plate as well as wall is Green Rock_Plate. livingroom1 has 40 squares in center. In addition, study1 floor is Wood_color Wood_Grain while has Orange Ceramics wall. study1 is in north with 14 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 floor is Orange Wood_Veneer as well as has Green Mosaic wall. bedroom1 is in west with 14 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Earth_color, and uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in east. wall of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color as well as floor is Coating and Earth_color. balcony1 is in east with 3 square meters. study1, bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. Building layout contains two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Black Ceramics wall, and floor is Purple Quartz. washroom2 has Blue Ceramics floor while has Orange Wall_Cloth wall. washroom2 has 3 squares in north. In addition, bedroom1 covers 21 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood, and has White Painted_Wood wall. bedroom2 is in northeast with 16 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Blue Painted_Wood as well as floor is Stone_Brick and Yellow. bedroom3 has 8 squares in southwest. bedroom3 uses Black Ceramics for floor, and wall is Wallpaper and Orange. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 44 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and Orange while wall is Quartz and Blue. In addition, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in east. balcony1 floor is Orange Wood_Grain as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Red. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 is next to washroom2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall, and has Purple Coating floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 has 38 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Rock_Plate as well as wall is Ceramics and Green. bedroom1 is in east with 12 square meters. bedroom1 has Green Marble wall, and has Blue Log floor. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Gray Stone_Brick. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Additionally, bedroom1 has Black Cement_Board wall while floor is Black Ceramics. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in north. Besides, bedroom2 is in east with 44 square meters. bedroom2 has Black Quartz wall as well as has Purple Quartz floor. livingroom1 is in center with 44 square meters. livingroom1 has Wood_color Quartz wall while floor is Log and Purple. Moreover, kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Gray as well as has Gray Ceramics wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, three washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in northeast with 15 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Log and Black as well as has Purple Stone_Brick wall. Additionally, bedroom2 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom2 has Earth_color Rock_Plate wall, and has Pink Stone_Brick floor. bedroom3 has 10 squares in center. floor of bedroom3 is Rock_Plate and White as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Yellow. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. washroom1 uses Purple Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood. washroom2 has Green Jade floor while has Orange Granite wall. washroom2 is in north with 3 square meters. Moreover, washroom3 has 2 squares in center. washroom3 uses Black Marble for floor as well as wall is Earth_color Granite. Besides, balcony1 has Black Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Granite and Orange. balcony1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. balcony2 has Purple Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. balcony2 has 5 squares in southeast. In addition, livingroom1 has 30 squares in west. livingroom1 uses Wood_color Painted_Wood for floor, and has Black Bamboo_Vine wall. Moreover, kitchen1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and Green as well as floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom2, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, balcony2, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, three balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom1 has Pink Rock_Plate floor, and has Orange Ceramics wall. bedroom2 is in east with 8 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Pink Jade as well as floor is Jade and Green. Moreover, washroom1 has 4 squares in north. floor of washroom1 is Quartz and Red while wall is Blue Granite. Additionally, balcony1 has Green Stone_Brick wall, and has Blue Wood_Veneer floor. balcony1 is in northeast with 9 square meters. balcony2 is in southwest with 6 square meters. balcony2 has Yellow Wood_Grain wall as well as uses Black Painted_Wood for floor. wall of balcony3 is Marble and Purple, and uses Wood_color Quartz for floor. balcony3 is in north with 3 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Pink while floor is Coating and Purple. livingroom1 is in west with 33 square meters. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Red as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Blue. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, balcony2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony2. balcony1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony3. balcony3 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall as well as floor is Granite and Wood_color. bedroom1 is in east with 15 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and White while has Black Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom2 is in southeast with 10 square meters. washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color as well as floor is Log and Gray. In addition, balcony1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Mosaic and Blue, and floor is Orange Coating. wall of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Orange while uses Earth_color Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 has 25 squares in west. wall of kitchen1 is Jade and White, and floor is Mosaic and Wood_color. kitchen1 has 5 squares in center. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom2, kitchen1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Jade and Wood_color as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Yellow. washroom2 has 2 squares in north. washroom2 wall is Blue Ceramic_Tile while has Blue Wood_Veneer floor. Additionally, bedroom1 floor is Pink Wood_Veneer, and has Orange Ceramics wall. bedroom1 is in northwest with 12 square meters. livingroom1 covers 48 square meters located in west. livingroom1 wall is Blue Coating as well as uses Green Rock_Plate for floor. kitchen1 is in center with 5 square meters. kitchen1 has Orange Wall_Cloth wall while uses Earth_color Cement_Board for floor. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red as well as wall is Yellow Painted_Wood. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. bedroom1 wall is Green Ceramic_Tile, and has Blue Cement_Board floor. bedroom1 has 14 squares in north. In addition, bedroom2 is in southeast with 7 square meters. bedroom2 has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall as well as floor is Pink Log. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Orange Marble, and uses Orange Painted_Wood for floor. livingroom1 has 31 squares in center. kitchen1 is in southwest with 4 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Green Ceramic_Tile while wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in east. bedroom1 floor is White Painted_Wood, and wall is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. floor of bedroom2 is Jade and Gray as well as has Green Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom2 is in southeast with 13 square meters. Additionally, wall of bedroom3 is Jade and Pink while floor is Rock_Plate and Wood_color. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in center. Moreover, washroom1 has Orange Wood_Grain wall as well as has Earth_color Granite floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom2 floor is Blue Coating, and wall is Green Wall_Cloth. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in south. floor of balcony1 is Quartz and Blue while wall is Quartz and Black. balcony1 has 11 squares in north. balcony2 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. balcony2 has Pink Marble floor, and wall is Ceramics and Black. livingroom1 is in west with 35 square meters. livingroom1 has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall as well as has Blue Wood_Veneer floor. Additionally, kitchen1 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall while uses Gray Cement_Board for floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, balcony2, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony1. balcony2 is next to kitchen1, washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Black, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Black. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 uses Yellow Wallpaper for floor as well as has Gray Ceramics wall. bedroom3 has Black Wood_Grain wall while has Earth_color Quartz floor. bedroom3 has 9 squares in center. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom1 has Blue Wallpaper floor as well as has Black Wood_Veneer wall. balcony1 has 7 squares in south. wall of balcony1 is Ceramics and Purple while floor is Purple Cement_Board. Additionally, livingroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Ceramics and Pink. livingroom1 has 34 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. kitchen1 has Gray Rock_Plate floor while wall is Purple Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3, kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Granite and Pink as well as has Gray Quartz floor. study1 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. floor of study1 is Wood_Grain and Wood_color, and has Pink Coating wall. In addition, bedroom1 has 14 squares in northeast. floor of bedroom1 is Quartz and Gray as well as has Purple Wallpaper wall. bedroom2 is in northwest with 10 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Red while floor is Green Stone_Brick. livingroom1 uses White Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Black. livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. kitchen1 wall is White Wall_Cloth, and floor is Blue Wallpaper. kitchen1 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to kitchen1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 has 3 squares in west. washroom1 wall is White Wood_Grain, and has Pink Wallpaper floor. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Coating as well as uses Black Ceramic_Tile for floor. livingroom1 has 35 squares in south. bedroom1 is in north with 12 square meters. bedroom1 has Black Wall_Cloth floor, and has Blue Log wall. bedroom2 is in east with 10 square meters. bedroom2 has Wood_color Ceramics wall as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 uses Pink Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Purple. Additionally, livingroom1 is in east with 31 square meters. livingroom1 uses White Coating for floor, and wall is Green Quartz. study1 covers 10 square meters located in northeast. floor of study1 is Stone_Brick and Blue as well as wall is Earth_color Jade. Moreover, bedroom1 has Blue Quartz wall while has Blue Coating floor. bedroom1 has 16 squares in south. bedroom2 has 13 squares in northwest. bedroom2 floor is Black Stone_Brick as well as has Black Rock_Plate wall. floor of kitchen1 is Log and Blue, and wall is Marble and Red. kitchen1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. balcony1 is in west with 9 square meters. balcony1 has Earth_color Granite wall while uses Purple Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, kitchen1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. study1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, and three bedrooms. More specifically, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Orange Wallpaper as well as floor is Green Wood_Veneer. Additionally, washroom2 wall is Pink Marble while floor is Jade and Orange. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. livingroom1 has Yellow Cement_Board wall as well as uses Blue Pure_Color_Wood for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 51 square meters. Besides, bedroom1 has Red Ceramic_Tile floor while wall is Earth_color Wall_Cloth. bedroom1 has 15 squares in northwest. In addition, bedroom2 is in northeast with 11 square meters. bedroom2 has Pink Granite floor as well as has Orange Jade wall. bedroom3 is in east with 11 square meters. bedroom3 has Blue Cement_Board floor, and has Blue Marble wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Pink Log wall, and has Blue Coating floor. bedroom1 is in east with 13 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 has Pink Painted_Wood wall while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Gray. bedroom2 is in south with 9 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Purple, and floor is Purple Jade. washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 has White Wood_Veneer wall while uses Wood_color Wall_Cloth for floor. balcony1 covers 2 square meters located in west. Besides, livingroom1 covers 23 square meters located in north. livingroom1 has Pink Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Gray Log. kitchen1 is in west with 6 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Orange Rock_Plate, and wall is Wallpaper and Yellow. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1, balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 16 squares in southeast. bedroom1 has Orange Marble floor as well as wall is Red Cement_Board. In addition, bedroom2 has Blue Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Wood_Grain and Black. bedroom2 is in south with 14 square meters. Besides, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom1 has Red Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Jade and Yellow. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 wall is Orange Rock_Plate as well as has Green Rock_Plate floor. Moreover, floor of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Black while has Orange Marble wall. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in west. floor of kitchen1 is Coating and Earth_color, and has Gray Stone_Brick wall. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 has Earth_color Jade wall, and floor is Purple Pure_Color_Wood. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Orange Cement_Board while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Purple. livingroom1 covers 14 square meters located in center. Besides, bedroom1 is in north with 10 square meters. bedroom1 uses Wood_color Quartz for floor, and has White Bamboo_Vine wall. In addition, bedroom2 has 5 squares in south. bedroom2 wall is Pink Bamboo_Vine while floor is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has Yellow Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Granite and Pink. washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. bedroom1 floor is Pink Ceramics while wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile. floor of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Earth_color, and wall is Marble and Purple. livingroom1 has 25 squares in center. kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Jade as well as uses Pink Bamboo_Vine for floor. kitchen1 is in west with 12 square meters. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Green Ceramics wall, and uses Wood_color Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom1 has Green Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Mosaic and Red. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 uses Red Coating for floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and White. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 has 10 squares in north. bedroom3 has Black Stone_Brick wall while uses Black Log for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in east. livingroom1 uses White Stone_Brick for floor, and has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. In addition, kitchen1 has 11 squares in southeast. wall of kitchen1 is Log and Gray while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 uses Orange Painted_Wood for floor as well as has Black Quartz wall. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in east. washroom2 floor is Gray Mosaic, and has Yellow Rock_Plate wall. washroom2 has 5 squares in north. Additionally, livingroom1 has 42 squares in south. livingroom1 has Orange Coating floor as well as has Gray Wood_Veneer wall. study1 covers 12 square meters located in west. study1 has White Rock_Plate floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and Gray. In addition, bedroom1 has 19 squares in northwest. bedroom1 has Green Ceramic_Tile wall, and floor is Wood_Grain and Gray. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has Orange Rock_Plate wall as well as uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor. wall of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Earth_color, and floor is Coating and Gray. kitchen1 has 9 squares in southeast. Besides, balcony1 has 7 squares in southwest. balcony1 has Earth_color Cement_Board floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Blue Painted_Wood, and floor is Black Coating. In addition, livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Blue Painted_Wood. storage1 is in southeast with 4 square meters. storage1 floor is Blue Granite while wall is Log and Pink. bedroom1 has Red Bamboo_Vine wall, and floor is Cement_Board and Blue. bedroom1 is in west with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Black while floor is Jade and Blue. bedroom2 is in southwest with 9 square meters. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Marble and Wood_color as well as wall is Jade and Earth_color. kitchen1 has 7 squares in east. balcony1 is in north with 5 square meters. balcony1 uses Earth_color Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Wood_color Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, storage1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. Specifically, washroom1 has Green Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Red. washroom1 is in southeast with 3 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 22 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Black Cement_Board while floor is Blue Wall_Cloth. Additionally, bedroom1 has White Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Granite and Earth_color. bedroom1 covers 8 square meters located in west. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. House has one washroom, one study, and one livingroom. Specifically, washroom1 is in northwest with 2 square meters. washroom1 has Red Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Earth_color Ceramics. floor of study1 is Coating and Green, and has Purple Wallpaper wall. study1 has 10 squares in southeast. livingroom1 covers 24 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall as well as floor is Gray Mosaic. livingroom1 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Green Wallpaper wall, and floor is Jade and Wood_color. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in north. In addition, bedroom2 has 11 squares in southwest. bedroom2 floor is Black Ceramics as well as wall is Cement_Board and Purple. Moreover, floor of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Orange, and wall is Green Wallpaper. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. Additionally, balcony1 has 4 squares in northeast. balcony1 uses Earth_color Marble for floor as well as wall is Coating and Wood_color. In addition, livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in east. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Gray, and wall is Coating and Yellow. Additionally, kitchen1 has 5 squares in center. kitchen1 has Gray Rock_Plate floor as well as wall is Blue Ceramics. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. House has two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 13 squares in east. bedroom1 floor is Yellow Rock_Plate, and wall is Gray Quartz. bedroom2 is in west with 10 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Jade and Black as well as uses Red Jade for floor. washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Granite and Yellow while floor is Quartz and White. washroom2 floor is Wood_color Marble, and wall is Red Ceramic_Tile. washroom2 has 3 squares in west. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 floor is Purple Wood_Veneer while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Blue. Additionally, livingroom1 has Purple Wood_Grain wall as well as has White Wall_Cloth floor. livingroom1 has 31 squares in center. In addition, kitchen1 uses Purple Ceramics for floor while has Red Quartz wall. kitchen1 has 5 squares in northwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom1 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Purple Stone_Brick. livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in north. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Red while floor is Pink Ceramic_Tile. Additionally, bedroom1 is in southeast with 9 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Green, and has Gray Mosaic wall. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom1 has Purple Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Pink Coating. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 wall is Black Painted_Wood as well as floor is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. Moreover, bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom3 wall is White Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Coating and Red. Besides, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Purple Cement_Board as well as uses Purple Jade for floor. In addition, balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Rock_Plate and Purple, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Black. wall of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Yellow while floor is Black Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. kitchen1 has Wood_color Jade wall as well as floor is Purple Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. washroom1 uses Blue Quartz for floor, and wall is Painted_Wood and Wood_color. In addition, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom1 wall is Red Wood_Grain while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. livingroom1 is in center with 25 square meters. livingroom1 has Orange Coating floor, and has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall. kitchen1 covers 12 square meters located in west. floor of kitchen1 is Log and Red while has Wood_color Log wall. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 7 squares in northwest. wall of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Black as well as uses Blue Pure_Color_Wood for floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in center. wall of washroom2 is Coating and Orange, and floor is Rock_Plate and White. In addition, livingroom1 has Pink Wood_Veneer floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and Blue. livingroom1 has 42 squares in center. floor of study1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink as well as wall is Wallpaper and Blue. study1 covers 9 square meters located in center. bedroom1 has 17 squares in north. wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Purple, and has Pink Quartz floor. wall of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Black as well as floor is Orange Mosaic. bedroom2 is in south with 14 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 has Orange Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Marble and Blue. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. floor of balcony1 is Coating and Green while wall is Log and White. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. kitchen1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1, washroom2. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom2. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, two kitchens, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall, and floor is Yellow Marble. washroom2 has Green Marble wall as well as floor is Log and Orange. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in east. In addition, livingroom1 covers 42 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Ceramics while wall is Orange Ceramics. Moreover, study1 covers 9 square meters located in east. study1 wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Rock_Plate and Gray. bedroom1 has Wood_color Marble wall while floor is Black Wall_Cloth. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has 13 squares in center. bedroom2 has Black Rock_Plate floor, and has Yellow Ceramics wall. kitchen1 covers 12 square meters located in west. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray as well as uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor. Additionally, kitchen2 is in southeast with 10 square meters. kitchen2 floor is Purple Jade while has Black Painted_Wood wall. balcony1 is in east with 7 square meters. balcony1 wall is Purple Wood_Grain, and has Pink Ceramic_Tile floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, kitchen2, study1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. kitchen2 is next to balcony1, washroom2. study1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom2. balcony1 is next to washroom2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Pink as well as has White Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1 is in west with 15 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in north. bedroom2 floor is Black Mosaic, and has Pink Quartz wall. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in south. bedroom3 floor is Orange Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Log and White. Besides, washroom1 is in northwest with 5 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and White, and wall is Wood_color Wallpaper. washroom2 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom2 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Jade and Earth_color. balcony1 has Orange Ceramics wall, and uses Purple Marble for floor. balcony1 has 6 squares in southeast. In addition, livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in east. livingroom1 has Black Coating floor while has Purple Painted_Wood wall. Additionally, kitchen1 has 7 squares in northeast. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and White as well as floor is Pink Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom3 is next to balcony1. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in east. washroom1 floor is Green Ceramics, and wall is Cement_Board and Gray. livingroom1 uses Yellow Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in center. kitchen1 is in east with 4 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Green Granite, and has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1. washroom1 is next to kitchen1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 uses Earth_color Ceramics for floor as well as has Blue Wood_Grain wall. washroom1 is in northwest with 4 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Gray Mosaic while has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. study1 covers 9 square meters located in east. floor of study1 is Jade and Black as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Red. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom1 has White Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Black Wallpaper. Besides, bedroom2 uses Green Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Painted_Wood and Gray. bedroom2 is in northeast with 10 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 has 4 squares in west. kitchen1 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Gray. In addition, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. floor of balcony1 is Ceramics and Gray while has Orange Quartz wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1. study1 is next to balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one bedroom, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Quartz and Yellow, and floor is Rock_Plate and Green. bedroom1 is in north with 14 square meters. washroom1 has Green Painted_Wood floor while has Orange Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom1 is in center with 5 square meters. balcony1 has Blue Coating wall, and floor is Wood_color Granite. balcony1 has 4 squares in east. In addition, balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in west. balcony2 wall is Red Log while floor is Wall_Cloth and Pink. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 17 square meters located in south. livingroom1 has Orange Granite floor, and has Black Bamboo_Vine wall. kitchen1 has 7 squares in southwest. kitchen1 wall is Red Quartz while floor is Purple Ceramics. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 is next to balcony2. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Ceramics and Red as well as floor is Cement_Board and Orange. washroom1 has 4 squares in northeast. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Orange Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Blue Cement_Board. livingroom1 is in center with 20 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Quartz and Wood_color while wall is Gray Marble. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom2 has Black Ceramic_Tile wall as well as floor is Orange Mosaic. bedroom2 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has White Wood_Veneer floor as well as wall is Black Wood_Grain. bedroom1 is in north with 23 square meters. Moreover, floor of bedroom2 is Marble and Purple while wall is Red Quartz. bedroom2 covers 23 square meters located in center. Besides, washroom1 wall is Red Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Mosaic and White. washroom1 has 5 squares in southeast. Moreover, balcony1 has 7 squares in northwest. balcony1 wall is Black Jade while floor is Painted_Wood and Orange. livingroom1 has 29 squares in west. livingroom1 has White Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Pink Ceramics. kitchen1 wall is Green Marble while uses Earth_color Wood_Veneer for floor. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in north with 15 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Purple Coating, and floor is Orange Marble. In addition, bedroom2 is in southwest with 10 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile while uses Red Mosaic for floor. bedroom3 floor is Purple Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Green Wall_Cloth. bedroom3 covers 7 square meters located in west. wall of washroom1 is Coating and Purple while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. Besides, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. floor of balcony1 is Ceramics and Orange, and has Red Coating wall. livingroom1 has Wood_color Log wall while has Yellow Bamboo_Vine floor. livingroom1 has 31 squares in center. kitchen1 has Blue Stone_Brick wall as well as uses Red Jade for floor. kitchen1 is in southeast with 8 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3, balcony1. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Yellow, and floor is Log and Earth_color. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom2 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom2 has Purple Painted_Wood floor as well as has Yellow Jade wall. Moreover, livingroom1 uses Pink Coating for floor while wall is Coating and Yellow. livingroom1 is in center with 40 square meters. study1 has 12 squares in north. study1 wall is Wood_color Quartz, and has Purple Mosaic floor. bedroom1 has 20 squares in south. bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Mosaic as well as wall is Cement_Board and Yellow. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is Gray Log, and has Orange Log floor. bedroom2 is in northeast with 12 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 has 6 squares in northwest. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Purple as well as has Green Rock_Plate floor. In addition, balcony1 is in south with 11 square meters. balcony1 has Gray Pure_Color_Wood wall while has Wood_color Mosaic floor. balcony2 has 6 squares in northwest. wall of balcony2 is Marble and Orange, and has Purple Jade floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom2. study1 is next to balcony2. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in south with 6 square meters. washroom1 wall is Pink Wallpaper as well as uses Wood_color Log for floor. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 48 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Quartz and White while has Orange Mosaic floor. closet1 has 2 squares in center. closet1 floor is Orange Wall_Cloth, and has Black Marble wall. bedroom1 has Yellow Mosaic wall as well as uses Black Stone_Brick for floor. bedroom1 is in northwest with 18 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 has 17 squares in southeast. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange while floor is Wall_Cloth and Yellow. kitchen1 has 10 squares in southwest. wall of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color, and uses Purple Ceramics for floor. balcony1 has 11 squares in east. balcony1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Ceramics and Earth_color. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, closet1. balcony1, washroom1, closet1 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is next to closet1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 13 squares in east. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color as well as has White Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and White while floor is Yellow Quartz. In addition, washroom1 is in south with 6 square meters. washroom1 wall is Red Granite as well as floor is Marble and Blue. Additionally, balcony1 wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine, and floor is White Painted_Wood. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. balcony2 has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall while uses Pink Coating for floor. balcony2 has 4 squares in south. In addition, livingroom1 is in west with 34 square meters. livingroom1 has Yellow Marble floor, and wall is Green Rock_Plate. kitchen1 has Black Granite floor while wall is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. washroom1 is next to balcony2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, three washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and two kitchens. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Purple, and floor is Purple Wallpaper. bedroom1 has 13 squares in northwest. bedroom2 wall is Green Quartz as well as floor is White Wood_Grain. bedroom2 has 10 squares in west. Additionally, wall of bedroom3 is Painted_Wood and Yellow while floor is Stone_Brick and Blue. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in east. In addition, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. wall of washroom1 is Marble and Pink, and floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood. Moreover, washroom2 uses Yellow Log for floor while has Red Wall_Cloth wall. washroom2 is in east with 11 square meters. washroom3 wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood as well as uses Green Pure_Color_Wood for floor. washroom3 covers 2 square meters located in center. In addition, balcony1 floor is Blue Jade while has Purple Cement_Board wall. balcony1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. Additionally, balcony2 wall is Gray Jade, and uses Gray Pure_Color_Wood for floor. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Red as well as floor is Gray Mosaic. livingroom1 is in south with 37 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 uses Purple Quartz for floor, and wall is Quartz and Blue. kitchen1 is in east with 7 square meters. In addition, kitchen2 has 3 squares in east. kitchen2 floor is White Cement_Board as well as wall is Blue Quartz. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. kitchen1, balcony2, kitchen2, washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to kitchen2, washroom2. kitchen2, washroom2 and balcony2 are connected. kitchen2 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom2 is next to washroom3. The house plan has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 floor is Yellow Rock_Plate as well as has Earth_color Wallpaper wall. bedroom1 is in north with 14 square meters. Additionally, washroom1 has White Bamboo_Vine floor, and wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood. washroom1 has 4 squares in center. Besides, balcony1 has Earth_color Log floor as well as has Earth_color Mosaic wall. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in west. Additionally, livingroom1 has Red Wood_Grain wall while floor is Green Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 is in east with 29 square meters. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southwest. kitchen1 floor is Orange Wood_Grain, and has Earth_color Jade wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1, balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in west with 9 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Red Stone_Brick, and has Purple Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom2 has 4 squares in southwest. bedroom2 has White Stone_Brick wall as well as uses Earth_color Wood_Grain for floor. Additionally, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 floor is Gray Painted_Wood, and has White Pure_Color_Wood wall. balcony1 has 3 squares in west. wall of balcony1 is Granite and Orange while floor is Cement_Board and Green. livingroom1 has 15 squares in south. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color, and floor is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in east. kitchen1 has Red Wallpaper wall as well as uses Earth_color Mosaic for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Ceramics, and has Black Quartz wall. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in south. bedroom2 wall is Green Granite as well as floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood. Additionally, washroom1 has Gray Rock_Plate wall while floor is Wood_color Quartz. washroom1 is in east with 3 square meters. balcony1 has Purple Jade wall as well as floor is Purple Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Besides, livingroom1 has 25 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Green Stone_Brick while uses Orange Log for floor. kitchen1 has Orange Coating wall as well as uses Red Marble for floor. kitchen1 has 4 squares in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 floor is Black Stone_Brick as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom2 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom2 wall is Red Mosaic while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Green. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Pink Wood_Veneer as well as has Green Ceramics floor. livingroom1 has 45 squares in center. Moreover, study1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. study1 floor is Orange Stone_Brick while has Black Wallpaper wall. In addition, bedroom1 uses Earth_color Coating for floor as well as wall is Green Quartz. bedroom1 is in southeast with 19 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 has Orange Ceramics floor while wall is Mosaic and Red. bedroom2 has 13 squares in northeast. In addition, bedroom3 has Wood_color Cement_Board floor, and wall is Wood_color Mosaic. bedroom3 is in center with 10 square meters. Besides, floor of kitchen1 is Coating and Earth_color while wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer. kitchen1 has 8 squares in northwest. In addition, balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in south. balcony1 wall is Black Marble as well as floor is Wood_color Ceramics. Moreover, balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in northwest. balcony2 uses Earth_color Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, study1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2. balcony1, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, study1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. In practice, washroom1 is in east with 2 square meters. washroom1 wall is Wood_color Mosaic as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Earth_color. Moreover, livingroom1 has Blue Log wall while uses Black Stone_Brick for floor. livingroom1 has 18 squares in center. bedroom1 covers 7 square meters located in north. bedroom1 wall is Black Wood_Veneer, and floor is Wood_Grain and Pink. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in southeast with 15 square meters. bedroom1 uses Gray Quartz for floor, and has Green Ceramics wall. wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Black as well as has Red Wood_Grain floor. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. washroom1 has 3 squares in center. floor of washroom1 is Log and Gray while wall is Stone_Brick and Yellow. In addition, balcony1 is in west with 4 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Blue as well as has Purple Mosaic wall. livingroom1 has 34 squares in center. livingroom1 has Red Wood_Grain wall, and uses Green Cement_Board for floor. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Stone_Brick while uses Earth_color Marble for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 uses Yellow Wood_Grain for floor as well as has Earth_color Log wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. Additionally, washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in south. washroom2 uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Yellow Granite. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Blue Jade wall while has White Log floor. Besides, closet1 wall is Gray Wood_Veneer, and uses Green Cement_Board for floor. closet1 is in center with 4 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 is in west with 14 square meters. bedroom1 has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Pink. Additionally, bedroom2 has Gray Wall_Cloth floor while wall is Blue Log. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in southwest. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in south. bedroom3 has Red Coating floor as well as has Purple Wood_Veneer wall. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 has Black Quartz floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color. balcony1 uses Gray Wood_Grain for floor as well as wall is Gray Mosaic. balcony1 is in north with 5 square meters. Besides, balcony2 has 2 squares in south. floor of balcony2 is Bamboo_Vine and Orange, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Purple. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, closet1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1, closet1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2, balcony2. balcony1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 is adjacent to closet1. washroom2 is next to balcony2. The house plan has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 10 squares in north. bedroom1 uses Gray Jade for floor as well as wall is White Coating. washroom1 is in southeast with 3 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Green, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow. Moreover, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. balcony1 has Blue Wallpaper floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Gray. livingroom1 covers 22 square meters located in west. livingroom1 floor is Orange Mosaic, and has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall. Besides, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has Green Wood_Grain wall while has White Cement_Board floor. bedroom1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, kitchen1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has Blue Cement_Board floor, and has Red Cement_Board wall. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in center. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom2 has Orange Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Orange Marble. study1 covers 12 square meters located in west. study1 uses Wood_color Mosaic for floor, and has Pink Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom1 has 17 squares in northeast. bedroom1 uses Blue Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and White. In addition, floor of bedroom2 is Marble and Green while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Purple. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 has Yellow Painted_Wood wall as well as uses Red Rock_Plate for floor. livingroom1 has 48 squares in south. Besides, balcony1 has 7 squares in southeast. balcony1 has Gray Log floor while wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is next to study1, washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Red, and has White Jade wall. In addition, bedroom1 has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall as well as has White Granite floor. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in west. Additionally, bedroom2 is in south with 10 square meters. bedroom2 wall is White Pure_Color_Wood while has Orange Cement_Board floor. bedroom3 has 9 squares in south. bedroom3 floor is Gray Jade as well as wall is Quartz and Wood_color. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Red, and uses Green Wood_Grain for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 52 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 floor is Orange Quartz as well as has Blue Marble wall. kitchen1 has 9 squares in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has Yellow Mosaic wall as well as uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. bedroom1 is in northeast with 14 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Black, and wall is Rock_Plate and Red. bedroom2 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall while has White Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom2 is in southeast with 13 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Pink Marble as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Gray. livingroom1 is in west with 56 square meters. kitchen1 is in south with 13 square meters. kitchen1 has Green Mosaic wall while uses Blue Mosaic for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to bedroom2. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 has Gray Wallpaper wall as well as uses Wood_color Ceramic_Tile for floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in southwest. Additionally, bedroom1 uses Purple Ceramics for floor while has Pink Rock_Plate wall. bedroom1 is in west with 16 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 has White Pure_Color_Wood wall, and has Blue Wall_Cloth floor. livingroom1 has 61 squares in center. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in north. balcony1 has Green Bamboo_Vine wall while uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor. In addition, balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. balcony2 wall is Gray Mosaic as well as has Yellow Ceramics floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony2. balcony2 and balcony1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in west. wall of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Black, and floor is Jade and Gray. Moreover, washroom2 has Orange Marble floor while wall is Log and Red. washroom2 has 4 squares in west. Besides, livingroom1 has 38 squares in east. livingroom1 floor is Pink Granite, and has Black Mosaic wall. study1 has 8 squares in north. study1 has Gray Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Gray Marble. bedroom1 is in southwest with 18 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Log and Blue, and floor is Marble and Wood_color. In addition, bedroom2 has Purple Rock_Plate wall as well as has Earth_color Wood_Grain floor. bedroom2 is in south with 13 square meters. Additionally, bedroom3 has 10 squares in northwest. bedroom3 floor is Orange Coating, and has Black Wall_Cloth wall. Besides, kitchen1 has Wood_color Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. In addition, balcony1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Pink Jade wall while floor is Yellow Painted_Wood. Moreover, balcony2 has Blue Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Log and Pink. balcony2 has 3 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. study1 is next to kitchen1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 uses Black Cement_Board for floor, and has Wood_color Wallpaper wall. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 has Yellow Cement_Board wall while floor is Blue Stone_Brick. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 is in west with 17 square meters. bedroom1 has Orange Ceramics floor, and has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in center. wall of bedroom2 is Cement_Board and White while floor is White Ceramics. Besides, wall of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Pink, and has Orange Coating floor. livingroom1 is in east with 22 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Earth_color as well as has Orange Log wall. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom2, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom2. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom1 floor is Green Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Log and Wood_color. In addition, washroom2 has Wood_color Marble wall while uses Purple Log for floor. washroom2 is in west with 4 square meters. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Coating and Gray as well as has Green Wood_Grain floor. livingroom1 is in east with 38 square meters. study1 is in north with 8 square meters. floor of study1 is Rock_Plate and White while wall is Black Bamboo_Vine. Moreover, floor of bedroom1 is Granite and White as well as has Earth_color Mosaic wall. bedroom1 has 18 squares in southwest. Besides, bedroom2 has 13 squares in south. wall of bedroom2 is Cement_Board and Blue while floor is Granite and Green. Moreover, bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 has Black Cement_Board floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Gray. Besides, kitchen1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. balcony1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. balcony1 uses Wood_color Granite for floor as well as has Purple Painted_Wood wall. balcony2 has Purple Wallpaper floor, and has Pink Wood_Veneer wall. balcony2 is in northeast with 3 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom2. study1, washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. study1 is next to kitchen1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains four bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in northwest with 16 square meters. bedroom1 floor is White Rock_Plate, and has Red Painted_Wood wall. In addition, bedroom2 wall is White Ceramics while floor is Purple Rock_Plate. bedroom2 is in west with 12 square meters. bedroom3 uses Gray Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Blue Wood_Grain. bedroom3 is in east with 10 square meters. Additionally, bedroom4 floor is White Wall_Cloth, and wall is Stone_Brick and Gray. bedroom4 has 8 squares in northeast. washroom1 is in north with 6 square meters. washroom1 has Gray Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Red. washroom2 has Orange Marble floor while has Pink Marble wall. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. balcony1 is in west with 12 square meters. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Mosaic as well as floor is Pink Log. livingroom1 has Gray Rock_Plate floor while has Green Cement_Board wall. livingroom1 covers 46 square meters located in south. kitchen1 is in east with 7 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Red Jade as well as uses Gray Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, bedroom3, bedroom4, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom2, washroom1. balcony1 is adjacent to bedroom2. bedroom4, kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. bedroom4 is next to washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Red as well as wall is Mosaic and Black. In addition, bedroom1 is in northwest with 14 square meters. bedroom1 has Black Bamboo_Vine floor, and wall is Green Mosaic. bedroom2 uses Earth_color Bamboo_Vine for floor while has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom2 has 12 squares in northeast. Additionally, livingroom1 has Purple Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Black Quartz. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 is in east with 8 square meters. kitchen1 has Purple Painted_Wood wall while uses Gray Cement_Board for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, three balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Black Jade floor as well as wall is Earth_color Coating. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Pink Wall_Cloth, and has Green Stone_Brick wall. bedroom2 is in north with 12 square meters. Moreover, bedroom3 wall is Pink Stone_Brick as well as has Earth_color Cement_Board floor. bedroom3 has 10 squares in southeast. In addition, washroom1 floor is Red Wall_Cloth while has Earth_color Mosaic wall. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. Besides, wall of washroom2 is Coating and Black, and uses Blue Pure_Color_Wood for floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in east. balcony1 has 8 squares in west. floor of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Red as well as has Orange Marble wall. Moreover, balcony2 is in southeast with 3 square meters. balcony2 wall is Gray Wallpaper while uses Pink Quartz for floor. balcony3 covers 3 square meters located in east. balcony3 has Red Cement_Board floor as well as wall is Granite and Gray. In addition, livingroom1 has Green Wood_Grain floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Earth_color. livingroom1 has 40 squares in center. Moreover, kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Black, and has Blue Painted_Wood wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, balcony2. washroom2, balcony2, balcony3 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to balcony3. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Log as well as wall is Stone_Brick and White. bedroom1 is in west with 24 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Wallpaper while uses Yellow Mosaic for floor. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in center. In addition, washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Red, and wall is Gray Wood_Veneer. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 uses Wood_color Wood_Grain for floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Gray. livingroom1 uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor as well as has Purple Wall_Cloth wall. livingroom1 is in east with 25 square meters. kitchen1 is in south with 6 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Red Cement_Board while has Orange Wallpaper wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, one corridor, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Coating and White, and has Wood_color Wood_Veneer floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 uses Gray Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Pink Coating. bedroom1 is in southeast with 19 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Pink Painted_Wood while has Purple Granite wall. bedroom2 is in east with 10 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Blue Painted_Wood as well as floor is Blue Ceramics. bedroom3 has 3 squares in east. livingroom1 has 30 squares in west. floor of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Earth_color while wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. In addition, corridor1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Purple Coating. corridor1 is in northwest with 4 square meters. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has White Wood_Veneer wall, and uses Orange Stone_Brick for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, bedroom3. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to corridor1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom1 has Orange Cement_Board wall, and has Pink Wall_Cloth floor. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Cement_Board and Black while has Red Cement_Board floor. bedroom2 has 11 squares in west. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 floor is Red Log, and has Green Wood_Veneer wall. In addition, wall of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and White as well as floor is Yellow Mosaic. balcony1 is in east with 8 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Red Coating while floor is Quartz and Earth_color. livingroom1 covers 47 square meters located in center. In addition, floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color, and wall is Wood_color Rock_Plate. kitchen1 is in center with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom1 has Pink Log wall, and floor is Green Granite. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom2 has White Quartz floor while has Green Ceramics wall. In addition, bedroom3 has Black Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Jade and Yellow. bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. floor of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Orange, and wall is Mosaic and Red. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. Besides, balcony1 has White Cement_Board wall while floor is Orange Marble. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony2 has Orange Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Green Cement_Board. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. Additionally, livingroom1 has Pink Wood_Veneer wall while uses Earth_color Coating for floor. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. In addition, kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. kitchen1 uses Green Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is White Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 17 squares in west. wall of bedroom1 is Jade and Blue, and has Earth_color Log floor. bedroom2 is in center with 12 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Granite while floor is Earth_color Log. Moreover, bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in south. bedroom3 floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Coating and Orange. washroom1 has Yellow Log wall, and has White Wallpaper floor. washroom1 has 6 squares in southeast. Additionally, washroom2 has 5 squares in northwest. washroom2 has Red Mosaic wall as well as floor is Blue Marble. In addition, balcony1 uses Black Mosaic for floor, and has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in southwest. Besides, wall of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Earth_color while floor is Wall_Cloth and Blue. livingroom1 is in east with 31 square meters. kitchen1 is in center with 6 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Coating and Red, and wall is Granite and Orange. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom2, balcony1. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 17 squares in southwest. bedroom1 has Blue Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Orange Ceramics. bedroom2 has 15 squares in southeast. bedroom2 has Purple Wallpaper wall while uses Black Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom3 has 13 squares in northwest. floor of bedroom3 is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray, and has Orange Wood_Grain wall. Additionally, washroom1 floor is Pink Ceramic_Tile while has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in west. Besides, washroom2 has 5 squares in northeast. floor of washroom2 is Quartz and Red, and wall is Orange Quartz. In addition, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. balcony1 uses Purple Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Orange Pure_Color_Wood, and has Orange Quartz wall. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in center. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Jade and Green while floor is Rock_Plate and Yellow. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 wall is Earth_color Wallpaper, and floor is Marble and Pink. washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color as well as uses Yellow Wood_Veneer for floor. livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in west. In addition, study1 floor is White Granite while has Red Granite wall. study1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. bedroom1 has Wood_color Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Red Cement_Board. bedroom2 has Yellow Wall_Cloth floor while wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. bedroom2 has 9 squares in center. Moreover, kitchen1 floor is Yellow Marble as well as wall is Mosaic and Purple. kitchen1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. balcony1 has Red Log wall, and floor is Wallpaper and Wood_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1. washroom1 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 has Black Wood_Grain wall as well as uses Pink Rock_Plate for floor. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Blue while wall is Green Mosaic. Moreover, study1 covers 5 square meters located in west. study1 floor is Purple Cement_Board, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color. In addition, wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Earth_color as well as uses Red Granite for floor. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Green Log while floor is Gray Jade. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. In addition, kitchen1 has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall, and floor is Coating and Pink. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Additionally, balcony1 wall is Wood_color Wallpaper while has White Wood_Grain floor. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. Besides, floor of balcony2 is Jade and Pink, and wall is Purple Wood_Grain. balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, study1, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, study1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. The building contains two bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 floor is Red Pure_Color_Wood, and wall is Granite and Gray. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in west. In addition, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Purple while uses Red Jade for floor. Moreover, washroom1 wall is Yellow Painted_Wood as well as floor is White Quartz. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. washroom2 wall is Green Bamboo_Vine while uses Orange Wallpaper for floor. balcony1 has Pink Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. balcony1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. Additionally, balcony2 floor is Green Marble as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in north. livingroom1 covers 51 square meters located in east. livingroom1 has Green Wood_Grain wall while has Blue Quartz floor. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and White as well as wall is Purple Painted_Wood. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom2. washroom2, balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 uses Earth_color Mosaic for floor, and has Orange Granite wall. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in west. Moreover, bedroom2 has Blue Granite floor while wall is White Wood_Veneer. bedroom2 is in east with 10 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow, and has Wood_color Jade wall. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in west. wall of washroom2 is Mosaic and Yellow as well as floor is Log and Earth_color. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in west. In addition, balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in north. balcony1 uses Wood_color Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Painted_Wood and Green. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Yellow Bamboo_Vine as well as has Purple Mosaic wall. wall of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Earth_color, and has Blue Log floor. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood as well as wall is Black Bamboo_Vine. washroom1 is in south with 7 square meters. Additionally, study1 uses Purple Cement_Board for floor, and has White Mosaic wall. study1 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. In addition, bedroom1 uses Wood_color Granite for floor as well as wall is Jade and Purple. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. Moreover, bedroom2 floor is Blue Wood_Grain while has Pink Granite wall. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Cement_Board, and wall is Mosaic and Gray. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. In addition, balcony1 has 6 squares in north. floor of balcony1 is Marble and Gray as well as wall is Blue Mosaic. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall, and has Blue Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. bedroom1 floor is Pink Wallpaper while has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Gray, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Pink. livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. Besides, kitchen1 covers 12 square meters located in west. kitchen1 wall is Pink Rock_Plate while uses Black Coating for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Purple, and floor is Rock_Plate and Red. washroom1 has 6 squares in southeast. study1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. study1 uses Black Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Blue Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom1 floor is Purple Log, and has Wood_color Jade wall. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has 12 squares in west. bedroom2 wall is Purple Jade while uses Gray Rock_Plate for floor. In addition, livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Purple Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood. Moreover, kitchen1 has Yellow Jade wall while floor is Red Rock_Plate. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, study1, kitchen1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. bedroom1 floor is Red Jade as well as wall is Mosaic and Orange. bedroom2 uses Blue Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Blue. bedroom2 has 11 squares in west. bedroom3 is in north with 6 square meters. bedroom3 has Green Quartz floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Orange. In addition, washroom1 wall is Blue Ceramics while floor is Green Marble. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. Moreover, wall of washroom2 is Marble and Gray, and has Gray Wallpaper floor. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in center. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in east. balcony1 floor is Green Wallpaper while wall is Log and Green. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Marble as well as has Gray Ceramics floor. livingroom1 has 39 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 wall is Purple Bamboo_Vine while uses White Stone_Brick for floor. kitchen1 has 9 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, balcony1, washroom2. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 49 square meters located in north. bedroom1 uses Black Jade for floor, and wall is Purple Jade. Additionally, bedroom2 has 12 squares in southwest. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Pink while floor is Wood_color Wood_Veneer. Besides, wall of washroom1 is Ceramics and Yellow, and floor is Wood_Grain and Black. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. Additionally, balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in south. wall of balcony1 is Rock_Plate and Earth_color as well as floor is Mosaic and Wood_color. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Blue while has Pink Log floor. livingroom1 has 49 squares in center. kitchen1 uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Granite and Orange. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, balcony1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 12 squares in north. bedroom1 has Pink Coating wall as well as floor is White Wallpaper. bedroom2 has Wood_color Log wall, and floor is Ceramics and Purple. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in southwest. Moreover, bedroom3 has Orange Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in west. washroom1 uses White Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Quartz and Purple. washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. balcony1 has 6 squares in northeast. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and White as well as floor is Jade and Black. Additionally, floor of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink while has Yellow Wallpaper wall. livingroom1 is in east with 33 square meters. kitchen1 has 6 squares in south. kitchen1 wall is Black Marble as well as has Black Marble floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 16 squares in east. wall of bedroom1 is Coating and Red as well as has Black Wood_Grain floor. bedroom2 uses Earth_color Quartz for floor, and wall is Jade and Black. bedroom2 is in center with 11 square meters. Moreover, bedroom3 floor is Wood_color Jade while wall is Painted_Wood and Gray. bedroom3 is in south with 8 square meters. washroom1 is in west with 7 square meters. washroom1 wall is Black Ceramics as well as has Wood_color Ceramics floor. Besides, balcony1 has 8 squares in east. balcony1 wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood, and has Yellow Log floor. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. livingroom1 has Orange Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is White Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 has 7 squares in west. kitchen1 wall is Red Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Jade and Red. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, kitchen1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 floor is Red Wallpaper as well as wall is Cement_Board and Pink. washroom2 uses Earth_color Cement_Board for floor while wall is Pink Wallpaper. washroom2 is in northeast with 4 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Green Wood_Veneer, and floor is Red Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 covers 43 square meters located in center. wall of study1 is Mosaic and Red while has Yellow Marble floor. study1 has 9 squares in east. Additionally, floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color as well as wall is Jade and Purple. bedroom1 is in west with 17 square meters. bedroom2 has Yellow Granite floor while wall is White Coating. bedroom2 is in east with 10 square meters. bedroom3 has Purple Quartz wall as well as has White Marble floor. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 5 squares in southeast. kitchen1 has Green Coating floor while wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. balcony1 is in west with 6 square meters. balcony1 uses Green Log for floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Red. Besides, balcony2 is in east with 3 square meters. wall of balcony2 is Painted_Wood and Gray while has Black Jade floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, washroom1. study1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. study1 is next to kitchen1, balcony2. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 floor is Yellow Log as well as wall is Green Stone_Brick. bedroom1 is in northeast with 14 square meters. bedroom2 has White Rock_Plate floor, and has Earth_color Rock_Plate wall. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in north. bedroom3 has 6 squares in south. bedroom3 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. wall of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Green, and floor is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. floor of washroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and White as well as has Purple Stone_Brick wall. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in south. Additionally, floor of balcony1 is Jade and Gray while has Yellow Granite wall. balcony1 has 17 squares in north. livingroom1 has Gray Wallpaper floor, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Yellow. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in west. Moreover, kitchen1 has Yellow Ceramics floor as well as wall is White Coating. kitchen1 is in south with 8 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom2. balcony1 is next to bedroom1, bedroom2. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 floor is Yellow Jade as well as wall is Purple Granite. washroom1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 has Orange Granite wall while floor is Purple Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 is in north with 27 square meters. floor of study1 is Painted_Wood and Red as well as wall is Orange Marble. study1 covers 10 square meters located in west. floor of bedroom1 is Log and White, and wall is Coating and White. bedroom1 has 15 squares in south. In addition, wall of bedroom2 is Granite and Orange while has Pink Marble floor. bedroom2 has 11 squares in center. kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood, and has Yellow Wood_Grain floor. kitchen1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. Additionally, wall of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Red as well as has Pink Painted_Wood floor. balcony1 is in south with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. washroom1 has Blue Quartz wall as well as floor is Mosaic and Orange. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom1 wall is Blue Pure_Color_Wood while has White Marble floor. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Blue Granite, and has Red Painted_Wood floor. bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow while has Orange Marble wall. kitchen1 has Red Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Purple Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has three washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has Black Quartz floor as well as has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom1 covers 8 square meters located in west. washroom2 has White Cement_Board wall, and floor is White Ceramic_Tile. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom3 wall is Pink Cement_Board while floor is Wood_color Mosaic. washroom3 is in center with 2 square meters. study1 is in northeast with 8 square meters. floor of study1 is Wallpaper and Purple as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Orange. Moreover, floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Green, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Pink. bedroom1 covers 24 square meters located in southwest. In addition, bedroom2 has 12 squares in northwest. bedroom2 uses White Wallpaper for floor as well as has Pink Jade wall. Besides, livingroom1 wall is Red Ceramics while uses Purple Painted_Wood for floor. livingroom1 has 57 squares in center. In addition, floor of livingroom2 is Coating and Green, and wall is Black Cement_Board. livingroom2 has 21 squares in north. balcony1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. balcony1 wall is Green Cement_Board as well as floor is Cement_Board and Wood_color. bedroom1, livingroom2, bedroom2, washroom1, study1, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. livingroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom2, balcony1, washroom3. washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine, and uses Blue Wallpaper for floor. bedroom1 is in south with 12 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Orange Bamboo_Vine while has Blue Coating wall. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in center. washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Green as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and White. balcony1 wall is Orange Coating while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. balcony1 has 3 squares in southeast. Besides, livingroom1 has Yellow Marble wall, and has Gray Wall_Cloth floor. livingroom1 covers 22 square meters located in east. kitchen1 uses Red Wood_Grain for floor while wall is Yellow Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. wall of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Yellow as well as floor is Black Quartz. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom2 has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall, and floor is Green Log. Additionally, bedroom3 has Red Ceramics floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Black. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom1 wall is White Quartz, and floor is Ceramics and Purple. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. floor of balcony1 is Quartz and Orange as well as wall is Cement_Board and White. balcony2 floor is White Marble while has Gray Wood_Grain wall. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. livingroom1 has Gray Wood_Veneer wall, and has Earth_color Granite floor. Besides, kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Orange Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Blue Wood_Grain. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 12 squares in south. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. In addition, bedroom2 has 8 squares in center. bedroom2 has Yellow Coating wall while uses Black Marble for floor. Moreover, washroom1 has 5 squares in west. washroom1 wall is Pink Coating, and has Wood_color Jade floor. In addition, balcony1 wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood as well as uses Yellow Rock_Plate for floor. balcony1 is in southeast with 4 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. livingroom1 has Blue Cement_Board floor, and has Pink Coating wall. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Marble and White as well as wall is Gray Cement_Board. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood as well as has Green Quartz floor. washroom1 is in north with 3 square meters. livingroom1 has 27 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Jade and Black, and wall is Pink Wood_Veneer. study1 floor is White Bamboo_Vine as well as has Blue Granite wall. study1 is in west with 6 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Earth_color while wall is Gray Rock_Plate. bedroom1 is in east with 17 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 has Black Marble floor, and has White Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom2 is in center with 9 square meters. kitchen1 is in west with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Pink Wood_Grain floor while wall is Red Bamboo_Vine. In addition, balcony1 floor is Black Stone_Brick, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Gray. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to study1, washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall as well as uses Purple Wood_Grain for floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. livingroom1 has Yellow Log floor while has Purple Coating wall. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in center. study1 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of study1 is Log and Purple, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. bedroom1 is in northeast with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Log and Purple while floor is Cement_Board and Gray. bedroom2 is in west with 10 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Purple as well as has Green Wood_Veneer floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southwest. kitchen1 has Green Wood_Grain wall while uses Pink Ceramics for floor. Moreover, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in east. wall of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Blue as well as floor is Mosaic and Earth_color. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, study1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, study1. study1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 wall is Black Marble, and floor is Marble and Pink. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 24 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Green as well as floor is Red Bamboo_Vine. Besides, study1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. study1 has Wood_color Marble wall while uses Purple Cement_Board for floor. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. floor of bedroom1 is Log and Green as well as wall is Yellow Coating. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Red while floor is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. In addition, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. kitchen1 uses Orange Quartz for floor as well as wall is Red Wallpaper. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and White, and floor is Stone_Brick and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom1 floor is Green Rock_Plate as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Green. washroom2 has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Gray Ceramics. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Red Wall_Cloth while wall is Red Coating. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. study1 is in northwest with 9 square meters. floor of study1 is Wood_Grain and Pink as well as wall is Green Rock_Plate. In addition, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Purple while floor is Coating and Black. bedroom2 uses White Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is White Ceramics. bedroom2 is in center with 13 square meters. kitchen1 has 7 squares in south. kitchen1 has Green Wall_Cloth floor while wall is Jade and Pink. Moreover, balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 floor is Earth_color Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Blue Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom2. study1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Black, and floor is Gray Marble. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. In addition, bedroom2 has Blue Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Blue. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. Moreover, bedroom3 wall is Gray Granite while floor is Red Jade. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. In addition, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Black Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Ceramics and Pink. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 wall is Red Wallpaper, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Pink. Moreover, balcony2 has Gray Granite floor while wall is Marble and Red. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. In addition, livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Yellow as well as floor is Wood_Grain and Pink. kitchen1 uses White Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has 6 squares in north. wall of washroom1 is Wallpaper and Green as well as floor is Granite and Black. Moreover, washroom2 has Pink Quartz wall while uses Yellow Wall_Cloth for floor. washroom2 has 5 squares in east. In addition, livingroom1 covers 41 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Black Jade wall, and uses Gray Marble for floor. Additionally, study1 has 10 squares in north. study1 has Orange Wallpaper floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Purple. Moreover, bedroom1 has 14 squares in southeast. bedroom1 wall is White Wallpaper while has Pink Ceramic_Tile floor. Besides, bedroom2 has Orange Log wall as well as floor is Gray Mosaic. bedroom2 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom3 is Mosaic and Purple, and has Yellow Quartz floor. kitchen1 has 9 squares in northwest. kitchen1 floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood as well as wall is Black Stone_Brick. Additionally, wall of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Orange, and has Black Wallpaper floor. balcony1 has 14 squares in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to bedroom2. bedroom3 is next to study1, washroom2. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 uses Green Log for floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Red. livingroom1 uses Green Quartz for floor while has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in east. study1 has 14 squares in west. study1 has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Green Cement_Board. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 wall is White Ceramics, and has Pink Granite floor. wall of bedroom2 is Cement_Board and Purple as well as has Yellow Coating floor. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in south. In addition, kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. floor of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Black as well as wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. study1, bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. study1 is next to bedroom1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in northeast with 15 square meters. bedroom1 uses Earth_color Granite for floor, and has Gray Jade wall. Additionally, bedroom2 has 11 squares in north. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Wood_Grain as well as uses Orange Wall_Cloth for floor. In addition, bedroom3 uses Wood_color Jade for floor, and has White Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in southeast. washroom1 has 6 squares in south. washroom1 wall is Blue Wall_Cloth as well as floor is White Bamboo_Vine. washroom2 uses Gray Wood_Grain for floor while wall is Wood_Veneer and Pink. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in east. balcony1 covers 10 square meters located in south. balcony1 has Gray Wall_Cloth wall, and floor is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile. Moreover, balcony2 wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Orange Ceramics. balcony2 is in northwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in west. livingroom1 floor is Purple Wall_Cloth, and wall is Ceramics and Earth_color. kitchen1 uses Wood_color Bamboo_Vine for floor while has Earth_color Marble wall. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. balcony1 is next to bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 floor is Gray Painted_Wood, and wall is Mosaic and Wood_color. bedroom1 has 13 squares in center. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. floor of bedroom2 is Granite and Red while has Gray Wood_Veneer wall. Moreover, wall of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and White, and floor is Jade and White. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in north. In addition, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 wall is Yellow Jade while has Purple Wall_Cloth floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has 29 squares in west. floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and Green, and wall is Gray Granite. In addition, kitchen1 uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor while wall is Yellow Log. kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in north. bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 wall is Earth_color Coating as well as uses Pink Ceramic_Tile for floor. washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. bedroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Green while wall is Red Rock_Plate. bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. bedroom2 has Yellow Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Earth_color Stone_Brick. livingroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Veneer floor while wall is Wood_Grain and White. livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in center. In addition, kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 floor is Purple Mosaic as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Earth_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 wall is White Wood_Grain as well as floor is Wallpaper and Green. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 has 26 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Gray while has Yellow Coating floor. corridor1 has 3 squares in northeast. corridor1 has Orange Quartz floor, and has Earth_color Coating wall. Moreover, bedroom1 uses Pink Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as has Gray Marble wall. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 floor is Gray Log while wall is Stone_Brick and Pink. Additionally, bedroom3 wall is White Coating, and uses Yellow Wall_Cloth for floor. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. Besides, kitchen1 uses Black Marble for floor while has White Painted_Wood wall. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. balcony1 has Yellow Cement_Board wall, and floor is White Pure_Color_Wood. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony2 has Green Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Log and Red. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. corridor1, balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has Earth_color Ceramics wall as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. livingroom1 has Gray Coating floor, and wall is Pink Wallpaper. corridor1 covers 1 square meters located in center. corridor1 has Black Mosaic wall while uses Red Wood_Veneer for floor. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 has White Rock_Plate wall as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Purple. Additionally, bedroom2 has 12 squares in southeast. bedroom2 uses Earth_color Granite for floor, and wall is Blue Granite. bedroom3 is in south with 10 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Marble and Red while uses White Painted_Wood for floor. In addition, kitchen1 is in north with 9 square meters. kitchen1 uses Black Wallpaper for floor, and has Earth_color Granite wall. wall of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Gray as well as floor is Quartz and Earth_color. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, kitchen1, corridor1. bedroom3, corridor1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 uses Yellow Wood_Grain for floor as well as has Red Mosaic wall. bedroom1 has 17 squares in south. bedroom2 covers 15 square meters located in center. bedroom2 wall is Green Rock_Plate, and has Earth_color Jade floor. Additionally, washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Orange Mosaic wall while has Red Coating floor. Besides, balcony1 has 7 squares in south. wall of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange as well as floor is Earth_color Coating. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 46 square meters. livingroom1 has Red Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Ceramics and Orange. kitchen1 floor is Pink Jade while wall is Mosaic and Wood_color. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 uses Orange Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Log and Earth_color. bedroom1 is in east with 18 square meters. Additionally, floor of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and White while has Black Cement_Board wall. bedroom2 has 13 squares in west. Moreover, bedroom3 uses Purple Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Coating and Black. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 has 5 squares in east. floor of washroom1 is Quartz and Blue while wall is Black Ceramics. washroom2 has 5 squares in west. wall of washroom2 is Stone_Brick and White, and floor is Painted_Wood and Green. balcony1 wall is Orange Jade as well as has Black Pure_Color_Wood floor. balcony1 is in west with 5 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Black Stone_Brick, and has Gray Ceramics floor. livingroom1 is in center with 44 square meters. kitchen1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Coating and Purple as well as has Gray Granite wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom2. washroom2 and balcony1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, three balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 14 squares in west. bedroom1 wall is White Painted_Wood, and floor is Earth_color Mosaic. Moreover, bedroom2 has 12 squares in east. bedroom2 has Pink Cement_Board wall as well as uses Pink Bamboo_Vine for floor. In addition, bedroom3 has Orange Cement_Board wall while uses Earth_color Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom3 has 9 squares in northwest. Additionally, washroom1 floor is Pink Marble as well as has Earth_color Mosaic wall. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom2 floor is Gray Wall_Cloth, and wall is Wood_Grain and Green. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. balcony1 is in south with 5 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Granite and Pink as well as uses White Rock_Plate for floor. balcony2 has 3 squares in east. balcony2 uses Black Cement_Board for floor, and has Blue Granite wall. Moreover, wall of balcony3 is Ceramic_Tile and White as well as uses Green Ceramics for floor. balcony3 is in west with 3 square meters. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is White Marble while has Green Jade floor. kitchen1 wall is Gray Wallpaper, and floor is Blue Wallpaper. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom2. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom2, balcony3. washroom1, balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony2. washroom2 is next to balcony3. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 floor is Blue Stone_Brick as well as wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 is in southwest with 14 square meters. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 has Black Rock_Plate wall while has Green Painted_Wood floor. washroom1 has White Pure_Color_Wood wall, and has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. balcony1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Orange while has White Coating floor. Moreover, livingroom1 has White Mosaic wall as well as has Red Granite floor. livingroom1 is in center with 27 square meters. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. wall of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Blue while has Yellow Painted_Wood floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in north with 12 square meters. bedroom1 has Blue Granite wall, and floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine. In addition, bedroom2 floor is Green Marble as well as has Gray Marble wall. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. washroom1 has Yellow Bamboo_Vine wall, and floor is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. Additionally, floor of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Wood_color as well as has Wood_color Granite wall. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in west. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 23 square meters. livingroom1 has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor while has Green Wood_Grain wall. kitchen1 floor is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Marble and Red. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in center. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 17 squares in southwest. bedroom1 has Pink Cement_Board floor, and has Earth_color Quartz wall. bedroom2 has 16 squares in south. bedroom2 wall is Blue Wood_Grain while has Wood_color Ceramics floor. bedroom3 wall is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Painted_Wood and White. bedroom3 is in northwest with 11 square meters. In addition, washroom1 wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile while uses Pink Painted_Wood for floor. washroom1 has 7 squares in west. Moreover, balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. balcony1 wall is Yellow Quartz, and has Yellow Log floor. Besides, livingroom1 has 42 squares in north. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain while has Blue Rock_Plate floor. In addition, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray as well as uses Purple Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1, kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. House has two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and three balconys. Specifically, washroom1 floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Mosaic and Orange. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom2 covers 6 square meters located in east. washroom2 wall is Purple Ceramic_Tile, and uses Yellow Coating for floor. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 uses Orange Painted_Wood for floor while has Black Bamboo_Vine wall. In addition, bedroom2 has Wood_color Wood_Grain floor, and has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom2 has 9 squares in east. Besides, bedroom3 has Orange Log wall as well as uses Green Stone_Brick for floor. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in center. livingroom1 covers 47 square meters located in south. livingroom1 has Gray Stone_Brick wall, and has White Wood_Grain floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. wall of balcony1 is Coating and Black while has White Stone_Brick floor. balcony2 has 5 squares in northwest. balcony2 wall is Black Marble, and uses Purple Painted_Wood for floor. Moreover, balcony3 has 3 squares in southeast. balcony3 uses Red Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Gray Granite. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony3. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, washroom1, balcony2. washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in west with 17 square meters. bedroom1 has Black Rock_Plate wall as well as has Yellow Wood_Grain floor. bedroom2 is in northeast with 13 square meters. bedroom2 uses Green Wood_Veneer for floor, and has Black Bamboo_Vine wall. Moreover, washroom1 wall is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine as well as floor is Granite and Gray. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in east. balcony1 has Orange Pure_Color_Wood floor while has Pink Log wall. balcony1 is in north with 6 square meters. livingroom1 floor is White Wall_Cloth, and has Blue Wood_Grain wall. livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 9 squares in southeast. kitchen1 floor is Black Bamboo_Vine while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Green. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, floor of washroom1 is Wallpaper and Earth_color as well as wall is Pink Wallpaper. washroom1 is in east with 3 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 is in west with 13 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Green Wood_Grain while has Pink Wallpaper floor. Additionally, bedroom2 has 10 squares in center. bedroom2 wall is Yellow Mosaic, and uses Purple Coating for floor. Besides, livingroom1 floor is Purple Granite while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Purple. livingroom1 covers 48 square meters located in center. Additionally, balcony1 is in center with 4 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color as well as has Earth_color Coating wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. floor of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Black, and wall is Painted_Wood and Red. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom2 floor is Gray Jade as well as wall is Blue Wood_Grain. In addition, bedroom1 wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Blue Jade. bedroom1 has 15 squares in west. floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and Wood_color, and wall is Rock_Plate and Earth_color. bedroom2 is in northwest with 11 square meters. Moreover, bedroom3 has 11 squares in south. floor of bedroom3 is Ceramics and Pink as well as wall is Green Wallpaper. wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Green, and has Pink Log floor. livingroom1 has 43 squares in east. balcony1 has Red Wood_Veneer wall while uses Blue Log for floor. balcony1 has 7 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 wall is Yellow Jade, and has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 wall is Purple Wallpaper as well as has Pink Wallpaper floor. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in southwest. bedroom3 has 10 squares in northwest. bedroom3 wall is Blue Granite while floor is Green Ceramic_Tile. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Purple, and has Purple Wood_Grain floor. Additionally, washroom2 has White Log floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in east. balcony1 uses Yellow Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and has Red Painted_Wood wall. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Red as well as wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in west. wall of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange while uses Yellow Marble for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. kitchen1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 17 squares in west. wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Red, and floor is Green Cement_Board. Moreover, bedroom2 is in south with 12 square meters. bedroom2 uses White Rock_Plate for floor as well as has Gray Wood_Veneer wall. In addition, bedroom3 wall is Purple Cement_Board while has Wood_color Mosaic floor. bedroom3 has 8 squares in northwest. Additionally, washroom1 is in northwest with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile as well as floor is White Mosaic. Besides, washroom2 has 5 squares in north. wall of washroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. wall of balcony1 is Ceramics and White as well as floor is White Painted_Wood. livingroom1 is in east with 39 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Wood_color while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and White. Additionally, floor of kitchen1 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color as well as has Purple Wallpaper wall. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 wall is Red Marble, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow. In addition, bedroom2 has 13 squares in north. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and Earth_color while uses Blue Pure_Color_Wood for floor. Additionally, bedroom3 is in west with 11 square meters. bedroom3 has Gray Granite wall, and floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick. Besides, washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood while uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor. Additionally, balcony1 has 5 squares in north. balcony1 uses Red Painted_Wood for floor, and has Pink Granite wall. Besides, livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Green Quartz while floor is Painted_Wood and Black. kitchen1 has White Quartz floor, and wall is Yellow Mosaic. kitchen1 has 12 squares in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 uses Yellow Quartz for floor, and wall is Yellow Rock_Plate. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom1 has Gray Jade floor while wall is Coating and Red. bedroom2 has White Ceramics wall, and floor is Gray Granite. bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Red Cement_Board while wall is Orange Jade. wall of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Green as well as floor is Granite and Orange. kitchen1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, one closet, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 uses Red Jade for floor, and wall is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile. washroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. In addition, floor of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Orange while wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom1 is in northeast with 14 square meters. bedroom2 has 12 squares in southeast. bedroom2 uses Yellow Wood_Veneer for floor as well as wall is Pink Coating. Additionally, bedroom3 uses Purple Jade for floor, and has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. Besides, livingroom1 wall is Orange Granite as well as floor is Red Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 covers 46 square meters located in center. closet1 has 4 squares in north. closet1 wall is Gray Coating while has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor. balcony1 covers 9 square meters located in east. wall of balcony1 is Jade and White, and floor is Jade and Wood_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, closet1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to closet1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. closet1 and bedroom3 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, floor of washroom1 is Marble and Earth_color, and wall is Stone_Brick and Orange. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. Additionally, bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Wallpaper while floor is Gray Stone_Brick. bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in east. In addition, bedroom2 is in west with 9 square meters. bedroom2 has Yellow Mosaic wall, and floor is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. Besides, livingroom1 uses Red Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Blue. livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in center. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in east. balcony1 floor is Purple Painted_Wood, and wall is Pink Stone_Brick. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 5 squares in west. washroom1 floor is Green Cement_Board as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Yellow. livingroom1 has 31 squares in center. livingroom1 has Blue Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Earth_color Wall_Cloth. storage1 wall is Orange Log as well as floor is Earth_color Log. storage1 covers 3 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 wall is Purple Stone_Brick, and uses Pink Quartz for floor. bedroom1 has 15 squares in east. In addition, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in southeast. floor of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Orange while wall is Quartz and Earth_color. Moreover, kitchen1 floor is Purple Wallpaper, and wall is Granite and Gray. kitchen1 has 8 squares in west. In addition, balcony1 wall is Blue Painted_Wood as well as has Yellow Marble floor. balcony1 is in east with 4 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, storage1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. washroom1, storage1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall as well as uses Yellow Jade for floor. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 is in southwest with 9 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Gray, and has Yellow Bamboo_Vine floor. In addition, washroom1 has White Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Blue. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. Additionally, floor of balcony1 is Ceramics and Purple while wall is Gray Jade. balcony1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 31 square meters. livingroom1 has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Purple Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 uses Pink Stone_Brick for floor as well as has Green Rock_Plate wall. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 8 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Marble and Blue as well as floor is Granite and Gray. In addition, washroom2 has 5 squares in south. washroom2 has White Marble wall, and has Red Quartz floor. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. livingroom1 has Yellow Cement_Board wall as well as uses Orange Mosaic for floor. In addition, study1 covers 11 square meters located in southwest. study1 floor is Purple Wall_Cloth, and has Earth_color Painted_Wood wall. bedroom1 uses Green Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Gray Mosaic. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. Besides, bedroom2 has Black Log wall, and has Earth_color Wallpaper floor. bedroom2 has 10 squares in west. wall of kitchen1 is Coating and Pink while floor is Orange Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. balcony1 uses Pink Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Purple. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom2, balcony1. bedroom2, washroom2 and study1 are connected. House has two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink, and floor is Pink Cement_Board. washroom2 has 4 squares in west. wall of washroom2 is Cement_Board and Purple as well as floor is Black Quartz. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Yellow while has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom2 uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Yellow Wood_Grain. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in north. Additionally, bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in south. bedroom3 has Pink Cement_Board wall while uses Earth_color Ceramics for floor. In addition, livingroom1 has 35 squares in east. livingroom1 wall is Orange Painted_Wood, and uses Green Marble for floor. kitchen1 has 9 squares in south. kitchen1 floor is Green Marble as well as wall is Cement_Board and Green. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Purple Cement_Board. bedroom1 has Blue Mosaic floor while wall is Black Wallpaper. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in east. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood, and has Green Bamboo_Vine floor. livingroom1 is in center with 25 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Black while wall is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. kitchen1 is in west with 12 square meters. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 wall is Green Mosaic, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in west. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Yellow Marble while floor is Wall_Cloth and Orange. livingroom1 is in south with 38 square meters. Besides, wall of closet1 is Mosaic and Yellow, and floor is Purple Pure_Color_Wood. closet1 has 5 squares in north. bedroom1 is in northeast with 17 square meters. bedroom1 has Orange Wallpaper wall while floor is Ceramics and Pink. Moreover, bedroom2 has Red Quartz floor, and has Black Mosaic wall. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in center. Besides, bedroom3 has Green Coating floor as well as wall is Gray Marble. bedroom3 has 11 squares in northwest. Additionally, wall of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Wood_color while has Orange Rock_Plate floor. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 is in east with 6 square meters. balcony1 uses White Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Wallpaper and Yellow. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, closet1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, closet1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. More specifically, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 floor is Pink Quartz as well as wall is Ceramics and Earth_color. livingroom1 is in center with 45 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Quartz and Blue, and uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor. In addition, bedroom1 floor is Orange Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Earth_color Quartz. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 is in southeast with 10 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Marble and Orange while has Black Wall_Cloth floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 uses Gray Wood_Grain for floor, and has White Coating wall. bedroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood floor while has Purple Wood_Grain wall. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom2 wall is Black Ceramics, and uses Black Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 has 18 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Purple Mosaic as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. kitchen1 has Blue Log floor, and wall is Blue Painted_Wood. kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has three washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 floor is Blue Wallpaper as well as has Purple Mosaic wall. washroom2 has Orange Mosaic wall, and has Wood_color Mosaic floor. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in north. In addition, washroom3 covers 2 square meters located in center. floor of washroom3 is Jade and Black as well as wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 is in west with 28 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Gray while floor is Gray Ceramics. wall of closet1 is Bamboo_Vine and White, and uses Purple Log for floor. closet1 is in east with 4 square meters. Moreover, study1 covers 8 square meters located in north. study1 wall is Black Granite as well as uses Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor. Additionally, floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Red while has Black Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. Moreover, floor of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Pink as well as has Orange Coating wall. bedroom2 has 9 squares in south. kitchen1 has Red Jade wall while floor is Ceramics and Yellow. kitchen1 has 5 squares in northwest. Besides, balcony1 has Earth_color Mosaic wall as well as has Pink Wallpaper floor. balcony1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, closet1. study1 is adjacent to washroom1, closet1, washroom2, washroom3. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to closet1. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two corridors, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 floor is Blue Granite as well as wall is Granite and Wood_color. washroom1 is in west with 7 square meters. In addition, washroom2 has 5 squares in north. wall of washroom2 is Painted_Wood and Purple while uses Orange Granite for floor. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 49 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Coating and Black, and floor is Coating and White. study1 has 14 squares in northwest. study1 floor is Gray Coating while wall is Orange Ceramics. In addition, corridor1 is in southeast with 4 square meters. corridor1 wall is Purple Coating, and uses Gray Stone_Brick for floor. Additionally, corridor2 covers 2 square meters located in north. corridor2 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor while has Yellow Coating wall. Moreover, bedroom1 has 27 squares in southwest. bedroom1 has Pink Marble wall, and floor is White Granite. bedroom2 uses Purple Coating for floor as well as wall is Pink Granite. bedroom2 has 12 squares in north. kitchen1 is in northeast with 11 square meters. kitchen1 uses Gray Marble for floor, and wall is Orange Jade. balcony1 uses Red Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as wall is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, corridor1, corridor2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. study1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom2, corridor2. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. corridor1 and balcony1 are connected. washroom2 is next to corridor2. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Black, and floor is Gray Mosaic. washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. bedroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. bedroom1 has Gray Marble floor as well as has Green Painted_Wood wall. Moreover, bedroom2 has Black Coating wall while floor is Blue Granite. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. livingroom1 has Black Wood_Grain floor, and has Gray Wallpaper wall. Additionally, kitchen1 floor is Purple Rock_Plate as well as has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, floor of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Pink as well as wall is Blue Cement_Board. bedroom1 is in south with 11 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 is in center with 8 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Orange Log while has Blue Log wall. Besides, washroom1 wall is Black Marble as well as floor is Red Jade. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in north. balcony1 has 5 squares in southwest. balcony1 floor is Green Cement_Board while wall is Mosaic and Black. balcony2 is in northeast with 3 square meters. floor of balcony2 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple, and has Gray Log wall. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Blue Mosaic while floor is Orange Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in west. In addition, floor of kitchen1 is Marble and Red as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color. kitchen1 has 7 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1, balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony2. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. washroom1 floor is White Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Red Marble. In addition, bedroom1 has Purple Quartz wall, and floor is Black Wall_Cloth. bedroom1 is in southwest with 10 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 wall is Gray Coating while has Black Log floor. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Blue as well as floor is Wallpaper and Earth_color. livingroom1 has 14 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. kitchen1 uses Pink Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Yellow Stone_Brick. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in southeast. washroom1 has Yellow Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Earth_color Jade. In addition, bedroom1 uses White Wood_Veneer for floor while wall is Mosaic and White. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 wall is Yellow Wood_Grain, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and White. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in west. wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow while uses Pink Wood_Veneer for floor. livingroom1 has 32 squares in south. floor of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and Purple as well as has Black Granite wall. kitchen1 is in center with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. In practice, washroom1 wall is Yellow Painted_Wood, and uses Green Pure_Color_Wood for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. In addition, livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Orange Granite as well as has Earth_color Wallpaper floor. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Orange, and has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Orange Jade, and uses Purple Mosaic for floor. washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Purple Log as well as has Orange Jade floor. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in center. bedroom1 uses Gray Coating for floor while has Black Wallpaper wall. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Rock_Plate, and has Pink Painted_Wood wall. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Wood_color as well as uses Gray Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in west. In addition, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood while has Blue Rock_Plate floor. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in east. balcony1 wall is Wood_color Rock_Plate as well as floor is Quartz and Yellow. Moreover, livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Quartz, and has Orange Quartz wall. livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. Additionally, kitchen1 has 7 squares in west. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Green as well as floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has White Log wall as well as floor is Granite and Purple. washroom1 is in west with 3 square meters. washroom2 wall is Earth_color Wallpaper while floor is Wood_Grain and Purple. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. livingroom1 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Cement_Board and Gray. Moreover, study1 has 7 squares in northwest. study1 wall is Yellow Painted_Wood as well as uses Purple Stone_Brick for floor. Besides, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 has Pink Wood_Grain wall while floor is Wall_Cloth and Red. In addition, bedroom2 uses Black Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Blue Wood_Grain. bedroom2 has 12 squares in north. kitchen1 uses Gray Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Orange. kitchen1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in east. balcony1 wall is Orange Ceramics as well as floor is Jade and White. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. study1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in east with 13 square meters. bedroom1 uses Pink Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Earth_color Jade. Additionally, bedroom2 has Earth_color Painted_Wood wall, and has Purple Quartz floor. bedroom2 is in center with 11 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Painted_Wood and Purple while has Pink Wood_Grain floor. bedroom3 has 7 squares in north. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Blue Mosaic wall, and floor is Wood_Veneer and White. washroom2 has Blue Log wall as well as floor is Coating and Wood_color. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in east. balcony1 has 12 squares in southwest. balcony1 wall is Wood_color Cement_Board while has Red Wood_Veneer floor. livingroom1 is in west with 34 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Green as well as floor is Rock_Plate and White. kitchen1 floor is Blue Cement_Board, and has Purple Mosaic wall. kitchen1 has 8 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. balcony1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 14 squares in center. bedroom1 has Pink Wallpaper wall, and floor is White Quartz. bedroom2 floor is Black Cement_Board as well as wall is Earth_color Quartz. bedroom2 has 9 squares in northeast. Additionally, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall, and uses Green Pure_Color_Wood for floor. floor of balcony1 is Quartz and Pink while has White Wall_Cloth wall. balcony1 has 8 squares in southwest. In addition, livingroom1 has Purple Wallpaper wall as well as uses Purple Pure_Color_Wood for floor. livingroom1 is in south with 32 square meters. kitchen1 has 9 squares in east. floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow while wall is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 12 squares in northwest. bedroom1 uses Green Ceramics for floor, and has Black Wood_Veneer wall. wall of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Orange as well as floor is Wood_color Ceramics. bedroom2 has 11 squares in northeast. Moreover, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Marble and Red while floor is Yellow Wood_Veneer. floor of balcony1 is Rock_Plate and Black as well as wall is Gray Cement_Board. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. Besides, livingroom1 uses Earth_color Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Pink Mosaic. livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. In addition, wall of kitchen1 is Log and Black while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 floor is Red Marble, and wall is Purple Quartz. bedroom1 has 14 squares in northwest. Moreover, bedroom2 has 13 squares in south. floor of bedroom2 is Log and Pink while wall is Gray Mosaic. wall of bedroom3 is Stone_Brick and Purple, and floor is Black Granite. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. floor of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Black while has Purple Granite wall. Besides, floor of washroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue, and has Black Stone_Brick wall. washroom2 has 3 squares in east. Moreover, floor of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color as well as wall is Cement_Board and Black. balcony1 is in west with 8 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Green Granite, and uses Black Pure_Color_Wood for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 40 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Yellow Marble while has Purple Log wall. kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Red as well as has Purple Bamboo_Vine floor. Additionally, bedroom2 has 12 squares in northwest. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Coating, and has Pink Cement_Board floor. floor of bedroom3 is Wallpaper and Green as well as wall is Mosaic and Orange. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in west. Moreover, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Yellow Log while floor is Black Coating. Besides, washroom2 wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick, and uses Wood_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in north. balcony1 is in southeast with 4 square meters. balcony1 floor is Wood_color Quartz as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Green. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 45 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Orange Cement_Board floor while wall is Jade and Purple. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Marble and Purple, and uses Wood_color Wallpaper for floor. kitchen1 is in south with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom2. kitchen1 is next to balcony1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 12 squares in south. bedroom1 wall is Purple Marble, and floor is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in west. floor of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Earth_color while wall is Quartz and Green. Moreover, bedroom3 has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall as well as has Pink Quartz floor. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. In addition, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 uses Black Painted_Wood for floor, and has Pink Wood_Veneer wall. Moreover, balcony1 has Purple Jade wall while uses Green Ceramic_Tile for floor. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. Besides, livingroom1 uses Red Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Blue Wallpaper. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in east. kitchen1 has Earth_color Ceramics wall as well as has Pink Jade floor. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in east. wall of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red, and floor is Mosaic and Wood_color. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom1 is Jade and White while uses Yellow Wood_Veneer for floor. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Yellow Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in east. livingroom1 wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Blue Stone_Brick. livingroom1 is in center with 22 square meters. In addition, wall of livingroom2 is Painted_Wood and Red while floor is Earth_color Mosaic. livingroom2 has 7 squares in center. kitchen1 floor is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Red Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 is in east with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, livingroom2, kitchen1. livingroom2, washroom1, kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. livingroom2 is next to washroom1, kitchen1. House has three washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Yellow as well as wall is Black Wood_Grain. bedroom1 is in southwest with 17 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 is in northwest with 14 square meters. bedroom2 has Red Log floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color. bedroom3 has 11 squares in southeast. bedroom3 uses Pink Jade for floor, and wall is Painted_Wood and Green. Moreover, bedroom4 covers 3 square meters located in southwest. wall of bedroom4 is Painted_Wood and Purple as well as has Pink Quartz floor. Additionally, bedroom5 has 2 squares in northwest. floor of bedroom5 is Coating and White, and wall is Purple Stone_Brick. Besides, washroom1 floor is Orange Mosaic as well as wall is Yellow Wood_Grain. washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in southeast. floor of washroom2 is Jade and Orange, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Red. washroom3 has Black Mosaic floor as well as has Yellow Ceramics wall. washroom3 is in east with 1 square meters. balcony1 has Purple Ceramics floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. livingroom1 has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in east. floor of kitchen1 is Rock_Plate and Pink while wall is White Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1, bedroom4, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom5. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom4, bedroom5 and balcony1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom2 is next to washroom3. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Jade and Yellow, and has White Granite floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. In addition, livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor while wall is Pink Cement_Board. bedroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Veneer wall as well as has Blue Wood_Grain floor. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one storage, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 uses Red Jade for floor as well as wall is Mosaic and White. washroom1 has 6 squares in west. wall of washroom2 is Wood_Grain and Black, and floor is Wood_Grain and Black. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. Additionally, storage1 is in southeast with 16 square meters. storage1 has Pink Ceramics wall as well as floor is Mosaic and Red. bedroom1 has Blue Mosaic floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and White. bedroom1 has 19 squares in southwest. Moreover, bedroom2 floor is Yellow Rock_Plate while has Green Coating wall. bedroom2 covers 15 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 has Orange Log wall, and floor is Stone_Brick and Purple. livingroom1 covers 46 square meters located in center. Additionally, kitchen1 is in north with 8 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Coating and White as well as wall is White Granite. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, storage1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 uses Blue Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Purple. washroom1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. Additionally, wall of washroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Purple while uses Earth_color Marble for floor. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 has 14 squares in south. floor of bedroom1 is Log and Red, and has Purple Granite wall. bedroom2 floor is Red Ceramics as well as wall is Mosaic and Yellow. bedroom2 has 12 squares in north. Moreover, bedroom3 floor is White Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Rock_Plate and Yellow. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in east. livingroom1 has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall while floor is Rock_Plate and Blue. livingroom1 covers 39 square meters located in center. In addition, kitchen1 wall is Blue Ceramic_Tile, and uses Earth_color Log for floor. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. kitchen1, washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Earth_color, and has Black Ceramics floor. Moreover, bedroom2 floor is White Wallpaper as well as has Gray Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. Additionally, floor of bedroom3 is Wood_Grain and Green, and wall is Blue Painted_Wood. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom1 floor is Blue Quartz as well as has White Painted_Wood wall. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. balcony1 has Wood_color Mosaic floor, and has Black Mosaic wall. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. wall of balcony2 is Wallpaper and Blue while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood as well as has Blue Granite floor. kitchen1 has Gray Ceramics floor while has White Jade wall. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of bedroom1 is Quartz and Wood_color, and floor is Painted_Wood and Green. bedroom1 is in northwest with 13 square meters. bedroom2 uses White Wood_Veneer for floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in center. wall of bedroom3 is Rock_Plate and Wood_color, and has Orange Wall_Cloth floor. In addition, washroom1 has Earth_color Cement_Board wall as well as has Blue Log floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. Additionally, balcony1 uses Earth_color Wallpaper for floor while wall is Gray Painted_Wood. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in south. In addition, livingroom1 has 35 squares in east. livingroom1 wall is White Marble as well as floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood. kitchen1 has Black Coating wall while floor is Purple Stone_Brick. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Pink Cement_Board floor as well as has Earth_color Painted_Wood wall. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in south. In addition, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Blue while wall is Black Log. Additionally, washroom1 has White Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Yellow Jade. washroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. washroom2 is in northwest with 4 square meters. washroom2 floor is Pink Ceramic_Tile while wall is Red Mosaic. Besides, balcony1 floor is Black Cement_Board as well as wall is Yellow Painted_Wood. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in east. In addition, livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Black, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Black. Moreover, livingroom2 is in west with 7 square meters. floor of livingroom2 is Quartz and Wood_color while wall is Blue Coating. Besides, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in west. kitchen1 uses Red Marble for floor, and has Blue Marble wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2, kitchen1, washroom2, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to livingroom2, washroom1. livingroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and three bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 floor is Red Granite, and wall is Jade and White. washroom1 has 8 squares in center. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 52 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Pink Marble wall while uses Blue Marble for floor. Additionally, wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Orange as well as floor is Granite and Green. bedroom1 is in southwest with 15 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 has 11 squares in east. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and Pink while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Red. Additionally, bedroom3 has Gray Coating floor, and wall is Blue Coating. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in center. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. In practice, washroom1 covers 2 square meters located in east. washroom1 wall is Gray Wood_Grain, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Quartz and Wood_color as well as floor is Marble and Black. livingroom1 covers 11 square meters located in center. Besides, bedroom1 covers 7 square meters located in west. bedroom1 wall is Red Rock_Plate while has White Ceramic_Tile floor. In addition, floor of bedroom2 is Marble and Gray, and wall is Mosaic and Black. bedroom2 has 4 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has White Mosaic floor, and wall is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. bedroom1 has 17 squares in northwest. Additionally, bedroom2 uses Yellow Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Black Ceramic_Tile. bedroom2 is in west with 11 square meters. Moreover, wall of bedroom3 is Log and Gray, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Black. bedroom3 has 9 squares in center. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Gray while wall is Cement_Board and Purple. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. washroom2 wall is Blue Marble as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Green. washroom2 has 5 squares in west. Besides, balcony1 has 5 squares in north. balcony1 floor is Gray Quartz, and wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood. wall of livingroom1 is Quartz and Pink as well as uses Orange Bamboo_Vine for floor. livingroom1 has 53 squares in east. In addition, floor of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and Green while wall is Mosaic and Blue. kitchen1 is in south with 8 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in east. bedroom1 wall is Green Granite, and uses White Wood_Grain for floor. In addition, bedroom2 floor is Gray Marble as well as wall is Blue Cement_Board. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in south. Additionally, bedroom3 is in south with 8 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Earth_color Wall_Cloth while wall is Purple Log. In addition, washroom1 has 4 squares in center. washroom1 uses Gray Jade for floor, and has Gray Coating wall. Besides, washroom2 has 4 squares in center. washroom2 wall is Blue Jade as well as uses Purple Quartz for floor. Moreover, floor of balcony1 is Coating and Green, and wall is Wood_Veneer and White. balcony1 is in southwest with 10 square meters. balcony2 is in east with 3 square meters. floor of balcony2 is Mosaic and Gray while wall is Painted_Wood and Wood_color. Besides, floor of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Blue as well as wall is Quartz and Pink. livingroom1 has 35 squares in west. Additionally, floor of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color while wall is Gray Coating. kitchen1 is in center with 4 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1, washroom2, kitchen1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3, balcony2. bedroom3 and balcony1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom2 is next to kitchen1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has Pink Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is Red Granite. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Wall_Cloth, and uses Wood_color Jade for floor. livingroom1 has 52 squares in center. closet1 is in east with 3 square meters. closet1 wall is Black Wood_Veneer while floor is Ceramics and Purple. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 floor is Green Coating as well as has White Wall_Cloth wall. In addition, bedroom2 uses Wood_color Stone_Brick for floor while has Black Wood_Grain wall. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. bedroom3 has 11 squares in south. bedroom3 uses Purple Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and White. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Blue while wall is Quartz and Green. wall of balcony1 is Jade and Wood_color, and has Green Log floor. balcony1 has 7 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, closet1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, closet1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. closet1 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom1 is Coating and Blue as well as floor is Stone_Brick and Yellow. bedroom2 has Green Ceramic_Tile floor while wall is Yellow Jade. bedroom2 is in west with 14 square meters. washroom1 floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick, and has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom1 is in north with 3 square meters. balcony1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. balcony1 uses Wood_color Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Earth_color. balcony2 has Wood_color Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Wallpaper and White. balcony2 is in east with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. livingroom1 has White Mosaic floor while wall is Purple Painted_Wood. kitchen1 has White Wall_Cloth wall, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Red. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, balcony2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 4 squares in north. floor of washroom1 is Coating and Earth_color as well as wall is Wallpaper and Earth_color. Additionally, washroom2 has 2 squares in center. washroom2 has Pink Wallpaper wall while has Green Granite floor. Besides, livingroom1 uses Wood_color Jade for floor, and wall is Log and Gray. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. Moreover, study1 floor is Red Pure_Color_Wood while has Blue Coating wall. study1 covers 8 square meters located in west. Additionally, bedroom1 has 15 squares in east. floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Gray, and has Purple Coating wall. In addition, bedroom2 has Earth_color Log wall while floor is Wall_Cloth and Red. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in west. kitchen1 wall is Black Granite, and uses Gray Coating for floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in center. balcony1 is in east with 6 square meters. balcony1 uses Wood_color Jade for floor while has Earth_color Cement_Board wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, kitchen1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 uses Red Painted_Wood for floor as well as has Wood_color Cement_Board wall. bedroom1 wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow. bedroom1 is in east with 13 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Wood_color Wallpaper for floor as well as has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom2 has 12 squares in west. livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. livingroom1 has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall while uses Orange Coating for floor. wall of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red as well as uses White Wall_Cloth for floor. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 46 squares in southeast. bedroom1 uses Blue Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Granite and Wood_color. Moreover, bedroom2 floor is Yellow Log while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Gray. bedroom2 is in west with 16 square meters. Besides, wall of bedroom3 is Wall_Cloth and Blue as well as uses Black Ceramics for floor. bedroom3 is in center with 46 square meters. Additionally, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color while floor is Yellow Wood_Veneer. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in east. wall of washroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink, and uses Black Log for floor. Besides, balcony1 covers 46 square meters located in south. balcony1 uses Yellow Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as wall is Coating and Black. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Gray Ceramic_Tile, and has Blue Log floor. livingroom1 has 40 squares in north. kitchen1 has Earth_color Ceramics wall while floor is Log and Blue. kitchen1 has 8 squares in northwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, balcony1. balcony1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. balcony1 is next to washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains three washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Red, and has Yellow Stone_Brick floor. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 has Pink Cement_Board wall as well as has Red Log floor. washroom2 has 3 squares in north. In addition, washroom3 wall is White Coating, and floor is Pink Log. washroom3 is in north with 2 square meters. study1 has 8 squares in northwest. floor of study1 is Ceramics and Purple while has Orange Stone_Brick wall. Besides, bedroom1 has 15 squares in southeast. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and White, and uses Green Stone_Brick for floor. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Gray Marble while has Black Marble wall. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine, and floor is Purple Wood_Grain. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in center. kitchen1 floor is Green Wood_Veneer while wall is Black Stone_Brick. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom2. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 wall is Orange Quartz, and floor is Painted_Wood and Blue. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom2 wall is Gray Wood_Veneer while floor is Bamboo_Vine and White. bedroom2 is in west with 9 square meters. Moreover, bedroom3 is in north with 9 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Marble and Orange, and has Pink Wood_Veneer floor. balcony1 covers 2 square meters located in north. balcony1 floor is Blue Cement_Board as well as wall is Wallpaper and White. livingroom1 has 35 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Blue Marble while floor is Yellow Quartz. kitchen1 has Green Jade wall, and floor is Painted_Wood and Black. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1. Building layout contains three washrooms, one study, one livingroom, and three bedrooms. More specifically, washroom1 has 6 squares in north. washroom1 floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood, and wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick. Additionally, washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Marble and Wood_color as well as has Gray Painted_Wood wall. floor of washroom3 is Wood_Veneer and Purple while wall is White Marble. washroom3 covers 3 square meters located in north. study1 has 6 squares in south. study1 has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor, and has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall. Moreover, livingroom1 has Green Ceramics floor while wall is Earth_color Coating. livingroom1 has 53 squares in center. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 floor is Blue Wood_Grain as well as wall is Wallpaper and Yellow. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Yellow Wood_Grain, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Green. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. In addition, bedroom3 uses Orange Quartz for floor while wall is Gray Cement_Board. bedroom3 has 9 squares in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom3. washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to study1. washroom2, washroom3 and washroom1 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. The building contains three washrooms, one livingroom, one study, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 floor is Pink Coating as well as wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. wall of washroom2 is Cement_Board and Orange, and has Purple Ceramics floor. washroom3 wall is Green Rock_Plate as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. washroom3 covers 3 square meters located in west. wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Gray, and has Black Mosaic floor. livingroom1 covers 47 square meters located in center. Additionally, study1 has Black Bamboo_Vine wall as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. study1 is in southeast with 18 square meters. storage1 has 2 squares in south. wall of storage1 is Coating and Green, and has Gray Jade floor. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in north. bedroom1 has White Mosaic floor while wall is Yellow Quartz. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 floor is Pink Coating, and wall is Mosaic and Purple. Moreover, kitchen1 uses Green Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Black Painted_Wood. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. wall of balcony1 is Jade and Gray, and has Yellow Coating floor. balcony1 is in east with 14 square meters. In addition, balcony2 is in southwest with 3 square meters. balcony2 has Red Mosaic floor while has White Wood_Grain wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to study1, bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3, storage1. balcony1 and study1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2, storage1. washroom2 is next to washroom3. The building contains one washroom, one study, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in west. floor of washroom1 is Coating and Gray, and wall is Purple Log. study1 wall is Red Stone_Brick while uses Green Wood_Grain for floor. study1 has 9 squares in northwest. In addition, wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Red as well as uses Red Ceramics for floor. bedroom1 is in center with 11 square meters. livingroom1 uses Wood_color Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Wallpaper and White. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. Additionally, balcony1 wall is Yellow Jade while has White Wallpaper floor. balcony1 has 5 squares in east. bedroom1, study1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in south. floor of washroom1 is Mosaic and Orange, and wall is Log and Black. Additionally, bedroom1 has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine wall as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. bedroom1 has 13 squares in east. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 floor is Blue Wood_Grain, and has Black Ceramic_Tile wall. livingroom1 wall is White Stone_Brick as well as uses Black Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 has 51 squares in center. floor of balcony1 is Quartz and Wood_color, and has Yellow Coating wall. balcony1 is in northeast with 8 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, wall of washroom1 is Coating and Pink as well as floor is Orange Cement_Board. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. livingroom1 is in east with 33 square meters. livingroom1 uses Green Coating for floor while wall is Mosaic and Red. Moreover, closet1 has Black Bamboo_Vine wall, and has Gray Wallpaper floor. closet1 is in center with 5 square meters. study1 has Pink Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Wallpaper and Red. study1 covers 8 square meters located in west. bedroom1 wall is Gray Ceramics while floor is Wallpaper and Green. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in south. bedroom2 is in north with 12 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Orange as well as has Purple Wood_Veneer floor. kitchen1 has Earth_color Marble floor, and wall is Wood_color Coating. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 wall is Black Quartz as well as has Red Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, closet1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to study1, balcony1, closet1. bedroom2 is next to study1, closet1, washroom1. study1 is adjacent to closet1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. In practice, washroom1 has 7 squares in northeast. wall of washroom1 is Mosaic and Green, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Blue. livingroom1 has 34 squares in west. livingroom1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor as well as has Pink Log wall. bedroom1 has Blue Cement_Board floor, and wall is Wood_color Marble. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, floor of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Black as well as wall is Purple Ceramics. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is in center with 37 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Gray Stone_Brick, and has Black Quartz wall. In addition, bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. bedroom1 wall is Yellow Jade while uses White Marble for floor. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Blue as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Blue. washroom1 has 8 squares in center. study1 wall is Orange Stone_Brick, and uses Pink Coating for floor. study1 is in east with 9 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 has Yellow Jade floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. bedroom1 is in north with 13 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood, and floor is Wood_color Marble. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in west. livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in south. livingroom1 uses Earth_color Log for floor while wall is Red Pure_Color_Wood. Additionally, kitchen1 floor is Red Wood_Veneer, and wall is Log and Red. kitchen1 has 5 squares in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. washroom1, kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 12 squares in east. wall of bedroom1 is Jade and Purple, and floor is Earth_color Rock_Plate. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in south. bedroom2 has Orange Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is Blue Marble. bedroom3 has 7 squares in northeast. bedroom3 wall is Pink Wood_Veneer, and floor is Green Mosaic. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 has Yellow Wall_Cloth floor while wall is Green Wall_Cloth. balcony1 has Red Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Wood_color Granite. balcony1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 has Gray Quartz wall while uses Earth_color Quartz for floor. livingroom1 is in west with 32 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. kitchen1 has Green Ceramic_Tile wall as well as has Purple Log floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in north with 15 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Green Granite as well as uses Orange Cement_Board for floor. bedroom2 is in southeast with 13 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple while wall is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Pink, and floor is White Wood_Grain. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. balcony1 wall is Orange Granite as well as floor is Purple Cement_Board. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. floor of livingroom1 is Granite and Gray, and wall is Red Marble. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in southwest. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red as well as has Blue Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in south. floor of washroom1 is Jade and Black, and has Orange Log wall. Additionally, wall of washroom2 is Wallpaper and Pink while floor is Painted_Wood and Red. washroom2 has 3 squares in center. livingroom1 is in east with 27 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Wood_Grain, and floor is Red Pure_Color_Wood. study1 is in center with 8 square meters. study1 has Yellow Quartz wall while floor is Wood_Grain and Green. bedroom1 wall is Gray Rock_Plate, and floor is Jade and Purple. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in west. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has Red Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is Orange Log. In addition, kitchen1 has White Stone_Brick wall while has Blue Quartz floor. kitchen1 is in east with 14 square meters. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. floor of balcony1 is Log and Purple, and wall is Black Mosaic. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to study1. balcony1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to washroom2. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, two livingrooms, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has Orange Ceramics wall as well as uses Black Mosaic for floor. washroom1 is in southwest with 4 square meters. bedroom1 is in northwest with 11 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Wood_color Wall_Cloth, and uses Purple Wood_Veneer for floor. floor of livingroom1 is Jade and Pink while wall is Stone_Brick and Purple. livingroom1 is in east with 17 square meters. In addition, livingroom2 wall is Orange Coating, and floor is Wood_color Wall_Cloth. livingroom2 has 15 squares in center. floor of balcony1 is Jade and White as well as has Orange Painted_Wood wall. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. livingroom2, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. livingroom2 is next to bedroom1, balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 floor is Red Ceramics, and has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1 is in west with 18 square meters. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has Purple Wood_Veneer floor while has White Granite wall. bedroom3 has 12 squares in northeast. bedroom3 wall is Blue Wallpaper as well as uses Blue Granite for floor. Additionally, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. wall of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Black while floor is Rock_Plate and Earth_color. wall of washroom2 is Wood_Grain and Red, and floor is Black Wall_Cloth. washroom2 has 5 squares in north. balcony1 wall is Red Log as well as floor is Gray Log. balcony1 is in north with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 37 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Gray while floor is Log and Gray. kitchen1 is in southeast with 9 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Green Coating, and floor is Red Wood_Grain. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Ceramics as well as wall is Marble and Red. bedroom1 has 15 squares in northeast. bedroom2 floor is Yellow Bamboo_Vine, and has Gray Rock_Plate wall. bedroom2 has 11 squares in northwest. bedroom3 is in southwest with 10 square meters. bedroom3 has Red Cement_Board wall as well as floor is White Wallpaper. Additionally, washroom1 has Pink Painted_Wood wall, and has Black Quartz floor. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. Moreover, balcony1 has Black Ceramics wall while floor is Gray Marble. balcony1 has 6 squares in east. In addition, livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Jade and Yellow as well as has Earth_color Mosaic wall. kitchen1 floor is Gray Wall_Cloth while wall is Black Log. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 16 squares in east. bedroom1 has White Bamboo_Vine wall, and has Black Ceramics floor. bedroom2 has 15 squares in west. bedroom2 has Red Quartz wall as well as uses White Bamboo_Vine for floor. In addition, floor of washroom1 is Marble and Earth_color while wall is Purple Quartz. washroom1 has 7 squares in north. Besides, balcony1 wall is Blue Stone_Brick, and floor is Marble and Earth_color. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in west. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Red Quartz for floor while wall is Cement_Board and Purple. livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 has 8 squares in east. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Purple as well as uses Purple Coating for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one corridor, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Red Rock_Plate as well as has Yellow Quartz floor. In addition, livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Jade and Purple while has Orange Wood_Veneer floor. Additionally, study1 has 16 squares in east. study1 wall is Purple Wood_Grain as well as floor is Earth_color Granite. corridor1 wall is Wood_color Mosaic, and floor is Red Ceramic_Tile. corridor1 is in east with 6 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Log and Purple while wall is Quartz and Blue. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in west. Moreover, floor of bedroom2 is Ceramics and Blue as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Pink. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in north. bedroom3 floor is Wood_color Rock_Plate while has White Painted_Wood wall. bedroom3 has 10 squares in northwest. Besides, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 has Black Mosaic floor, and wall is Green Wood_Veneer. Moreover, balcony1 has Black Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Black Cement_Board. balcony1 is in south with 10 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to study1, bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, corridor1, washroom1. corridor1 and study1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to corridor1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Purple Jade floor as well as wall is Yellow Cement_Board. washroom2 has 5 squares in north. washroom2 has Blue Cement_Board wall, and floor is Purple Bamboo_Vine. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Orange Coating as well as wall is Purple Mosaic. livingroom1 has 31 squares in west. study1 covers 8 square meters located in north. study1 floor is Black Log, and has Black Cement_Board wall. Moreover, bedroom1 is in southeast with 13 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Blue Jade while floor is Granite and Gray. bedroom2 has White Ceramics floor, and has Purple Rock_Plate wall. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in south. In addition, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 uses Purple Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as has Yellow Mosaic wall. Besides, wall of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Green, and has Purple Mosaic floor. balcony1 has 5 squares in southwest. Additionally, balcony2 is in north with 3 square meters. balcony2 uses Earth_color Ceramics for floor while has Pink Wallpaper wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom2, balcony1. bedroom2, study1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom2, balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom2 is next to balcony2. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom1 has Red Marble wall, and floor is Green Marble. In addition, bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in center. wall of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Pink as well as uses Purple Marble for floor. bedroom3 wall is Red Wood_Veneer while floor is Yellow Ceramics. bedroom3 has 9 squares in north. Additionally, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in west. washroom1 uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor, and has Gray Wood_Grain wall. balcony1 has Yellow Log wall while uses Gray Wallpaper for floor. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. balcony2 wall is Earth_color Jade, and floor is White Wood_Grain. livingroom1 has Pink Rock_Plate wall as well as has Wood_color Quartz floor. livingroom1 has 27 squares in center. In addition, floor of kitchen1 is Jade and Pink while wall is Stone_Brick and White. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 wall is Black Mosaic as well as floor is Granite and Black. bedroom1 has 17 squares in west. In addition, bedroom2 has Gray Cement_Board floor, and wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 is in center with 12 square meters. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in east. washroom1 has Black Jade floor as well as has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine wall. balcony1 is in west with 5 square meters. balcony1 floor is White Wallpaper, and wall is Cement_Board and Purple. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 27 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Earth_color while uses Gray Coating for floor. kitchen1 has Blue Jade wall as well as uses Green Wall_Cloth for floor. kitchen1 is in east with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is next to kitchen1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 14 squares in northeast. bedroom1 uses Blue Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Purple. bedroom2 has 12 squares in southwest. bedroom2 wall is Green Rock_Plate while has Pink Wood_Grain floor. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as uses Earth_color Quartz for floor. washroom1 has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Yellow Coating. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 wall is White Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Ceramics and Black. livingroom1 covers 44 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Gray Stone_Brick while wall is Wallpaper and White. Moreover, kitchen1 is in west with 6 square meters. kitchen1 uses Green Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has three washrooms, two livingrooms, one closet, one corridor, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and three balconys. More specifically, washroom1 is in east with 7 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Black as well as has Purple Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom2 uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Red Log. washroom2 has 5 squares in east. In addition, washroom3 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom3 floor is Red Coating as well as has Black Coating wall. livingroom1 is in north with 30 square meters. livingroom1 wall is White Wallpaper, and has Green Wood_Grain floor. floor of livingroom2 is Wallpaper and Green while has Green Bamboo_Vine wall. livingroom2 is in south with 30 square meters. Moreover, closet1 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Coating and Orange. closet1 has 8 squares in center. Besides, corridor1 covers 7 square meters located in center. wall of corridor1 is Stone_Brick and Purple while uses Purple Coating for floor. wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red, and floor is Yellow Log. bedroom1 is in southeast with 26 square meters. Moreover, floor of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Green as well as wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 is in northeast with 15 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Wall_Cloth and Purple while has Blue Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom3 covers 15 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 has Gray Quartz floor, and wall is Orange Jade. kitchen1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow as well as wall is Coating and Green. balcony1 is in south with 10 square meters. In addition, balcony2 covers 10 square meters located in north. balcony2 floor is Yellow Stone_Brick while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Blue. Additionally, balcony3 uses Gray Mosaic for floor, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Pink. balcony3 has 4 squares in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony2, closet1, corridor1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1, bedroom3, balcony1, closet1, corridor1 and livingroom2 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to closet1, washroom1. balcony2, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom3, balcony3. balcony1 is next to balcony3. closet1 is adjacent to corridor1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom1 wall is Yellow Wallpaper as well as uses Orange Bamboo_Vine for floor. bedroom2 has Black Wood_Grain wall while floor is Yellow Marble. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom3 has Pink Wood_Veneer floor, and has Yellow Wood_Grain wall. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. Additionally, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom1 uses Black Marble for floor as well as wall is Purple Ceramics. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 has Yellow Cement_Board wall while has Black Ceramic_Tile floor. balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. wall of balcony2 is Quartz and Gray as well as floor is Jade and Pink. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Pink Wallpaper wall, and floor is Red Wood_Veneer. kitchen1 has Black Quartz floor while wall is Granite and Green. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, one closet, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in southwest. washroom1 floor is Purple Rock_Plate as well as has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1 has 15 squares in east. bedroom1 has Earth_color Log wall, and floor is Coating and Blue. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 floor is Yellow Wall_Cloth while has Blue Cement_Board wall. Moreover, livingroom1 has Green Cement_Board wall, and uses Yellow Wood_Veneer for floor. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. closet1 has 5 squares in southeast. closet1 uses White Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Log and Yellow. kitchen1 has Purple Marble floor as well as has Yellow Cement_Board wall. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, closet1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, closet1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 13 squares in east. wall of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Gray as well as floor is Ceramics and White. bedroom2 is in southeast with 10 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Yellow Mosaic while floor is Ceramics and Wood_color. washroom1 has Red Log wall, and floor is Black Wall_Cloth. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. In addition, wall of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and White as well as floor is Black Wallpaper. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood while uses Blue Mosaic for floor. Besides, wall of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Yellow as well as uses Gray Wood_Grain for floor. kitchen1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color, and floor is Jade and Pink. bedroom1 has 11 squares in northwest. bedroom2 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom2 has Black Log wall while uses Blue Granite for floor. Additionally, washroom1 has Purple Wall_Cloth wall, and uses Black Stone_Brick for floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple as well as wall is Granite and Red. balcony1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 is in south with 22 square meters. livingroom1 has Pink Painted_Wood wall while has Pink Jade floor. kitchen1 wall is Red Painted_Wood, and has White Bamboo_Vine floor. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in north with 6 square meters. washroom1 uses Orange Log for floor, and wall is Black Painted_Wood. livingroom1 uses Blue Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is White Quartz. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in center. Moreover, study1 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. study1 uses Purple Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Orange Granite. Additionally, floor of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Black while wall is Wood_Veneer and White. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 has 12 squares in northeast. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Mosaic as well as has Green Granite floor. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in east. kitchen1 floor is Purple Marble, and has Red Quartz wall. balcony1 is in west with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall as well as has Red Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one storage, one corridor, four bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. washroom1 floor is Pink Painted_Wood as well as has Blue Wood_Veneer wall. Additionally, washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom2 uses Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in east. livingroom1 floor is Blue Wood_Grain while wall is Orange Painted_Wood. storage1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. storage1 has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile floor as well as has Pink Marble wall. corridor1 uses Blue Bamboo_Vine for floor while wall is Granite and Red. corridor1 has 5 squares in northeast. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in southwest. wall of bedroom1 is Log and Pink, and floor is Blue Cement_Board. bedroom2 has Earth_color Jade wall as well as has Pink Coating floor. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in west. bedroom3 is in center with 11 square meters. bedroom3 uses Earth_color Marble for floor, and wall is Pink Stone_Brick. bedroom4 is in north with 9 square meters. floor of bedroom4 is Painted_Wood and Blue while wall is Quartz and Green. Besides, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. floor of kitchen1 is Log and Red as well as wall is Marble and Earth_color. balcony1 covers 17 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Ceramics and Green. livingroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, bedroom4, kitchen1, washroom1, corridor1. bedroom1, bedroom3 and balcony1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom4, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom4 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, corridor1. storage1 is next to corridor1. The house plan has two bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in northwest with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and White, and floor is Gray Cement_Board. Additionally, bedroom2 has White Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Wood_color Wallpaper. bedroom2 is in northeast with 11 square meters. washroom1 has White Quartz floor, and has Gray Wallpaper wall. washroom1 is in north with 6 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 has Blue Quartz floor as well as wall is Granite and Purple. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in east. Additionally, balcony1 floor is Green Stone_Brick while has Pink Wood_Grain wall. balcony1 has 14 squares in southwest. Moreover, balcony2 is in southeast with 10 square meters. balcony2 wall is Green Wallpaper, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow. livingroom1 covers 79 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Gray as well as floor is Blue Wall_Cloth. Besides, kitchen1 is in east with 9 square meters. kitchen1 uses Yellow Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Green. balcony1, bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony2, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. balcony2 is next to kitchen1. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has Blue Wood_Veneer wall, and uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, bedroom1 is in southeast with 19 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color as well as floor is Marble and Green. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has Orange Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Mosaic and White. Moreover, bedroom3 is in east with 3 square meters. bedroom3 has Wood_color Wood_Grain floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. livingroom1 has 33 squares in west. livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Rock_Plate, and has Red Coating wall. Besides, kitchen1 has 8 squares in north. kitchen1 has Gray Rock_Plate floor while has Black Stone_Brick wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, bedroom3. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, floor of bedroom1 is Log and Wood_color as well as has Red Granite wall. bedroom1 is in east with 11 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom2 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall, and uses Pink Wood_Veneer for floor. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Black Mosaic wall as well as has Green Quartz floor. balcony1 floor is Orange Marble while wall is Coating and Gray. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in east. livingroom1 wall is Pink Wood_Veneer, and floor is Wood_color Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. kitchen1 is in west with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has White Ceramic_Tile wall as well as floor is Purple Marble. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 has 8 squares in center. floor of washroom1 is Marble and Gray, and has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine wall. Moreover, washroom2 is in east with 6 square meters. washroom2 has Green Wood_Veneer floor as well as has Earth_color Marble wall. wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Black while floor is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. livingroom1 has 42 squares in center. study1 floor is Pink Log, and wall is Wood_color Rock_Plate. study1 covers 10 square meters located in west. bedroom1 has Blue Cement_Board wall as well as floor is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom1 has 18 squares in northeast. Besides, bedroom2 has 11 squares in south. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Blue, and floor is Blue Stone_Brick. Moreover, bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in southeast. bedroom3 uses Gray Rock_Plate for floor while has Blue Rock_Plate wall. kitchen1 floor is Yellow Granite, and has Pink Mosaic wall. kitchen1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. Besides, balcony1 has Pink Marble wall while floor is Yellow Cement_Board. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in north. Moreover, balcony2 is in southwest with 3 square meters. wall of balcony2 is Wallpaper and Red, and uses Green Wood_Grain for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2, balcony2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. House has two washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 is in west with 3 square meters. washroom1 floor is Wood_color Ceramics, and wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. Additionally, washroom2 is in center with 2 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Mosaic and Gray as well as has Pink Ceramic_Tile floor. Moreover, study1 wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood while uses Wood_color Ceramic_Tile for floor. study1 is in north with 7 square meters. bedroom1 is in east with 12 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Mosaic as well as wall is Jade and Earth_color. Besides, bedroom2 is in northwest with 9 square meters. bedroom2 has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Pink Wood_Veneer. Moreover, livingroom1 has 25 squares in south. livingroom1 has Green Quartz wall as well as floor is Pink Quartz. Besides, livingroom2 floor is Orange Wallpaper while wall is Red Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom2 has 5 squares in southeast. Moreover, kitchen1 wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood as well as has Gray Wood_Veneer floor. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in west. bedroom1, kitchen1, study1, livingroom2, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1, livingroom2. kitchen1, study1, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray as well as floor is Marble and Orange. bedroom1 has 13 squares in east. Additionally, bedroom2 has 10 squares in center. bedroom2 has Black Granite wall, and uses Yellow Granite for floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in center. wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Green as well as uses Orange Painted_Wood for floor. balcony1 has 5 squares in southwest. balcony1 has Blue Granite floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Black. Moreover, livingroom1 is in north with 38 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Jade and Yellow as well as wall is Purple Granite. kitchen1 has 10 squares in west. floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Green, and wall is Pink Coating. bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to balcony1, washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, two livingrooms, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has Orange Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. washroom1 is in west with 7 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color while has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. Additionally, livingroom2 has 9 squares in south. floor of livingroom2 is Marble and Wood_color as well as has Blue Wood_Veneer wall. wall of closet1 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange, and has White Cement_Board floor. closet1 has 6 squares in south. Besides, study1 is in northeast with 15 square meters. study1 has Purple Wood_Veneer floor while has Earth_color Granite wall. bedroom1 uses Green Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Pink Painted_Wood. bedroom1 has 16 squares in northwest. In addition, bedroom2 has 13 squares in southwest. bedroom2 floor is Pink Log, and has Gray Cement_Board wall. Moreover, kitchen1 has 6 squares in southeast. kitchen1 uses Orange Jade for floor as well as wall is Granite and Purple. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, livingroom2, washroom1, closet1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, closet1. kitchen1, closet1 and livingroom2 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. washroom1 wall is Wood_color Quartz, and floor is Black Marble. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom1 floor is Green Jade while wall is Granite and Wood_color. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Purple as well as floor is Orange Wallpaper. livingroom1 wall is Green Stone_Brick, and uses Green Wood_Veneer for floor. livingroom1 has 18 squares in center. kitchen1 wall is Blue Painted_Wood while uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Coating as well as has Red Cement_Board wall. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Gray while has Blue Quartz floor. Additionally, bedroom3 wall is Black Log as well as uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 has Purple Stone_Brick wall while floor is Marble and Red. In addition, balcony1 wall is Black Marble as well as floor is Orange Stone_Brick. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Pink Cement_Board for floor while wall is Blue Wood_Grain. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. kitchen1 uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Green Coating. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 19 squares in north. floor of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Yellow, and has Orange Rock_Plate wall. In addition, bedroom2 uses Green Ceramic_Tile for floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Blue. bedroom2 is in north with 7 square meters. Moreover, wall of washroom1 is Granite and Orange as well as has Gray Granite floor. washroom1 has 2 squares in north. balcony1 is in south with 5 square meters. balcony1 wall is Blue Mosaic while has Purple Ceramic_Tile floor. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Orange Coating wall, and floor is Gray Cement_Board. floor of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Earth_color as well as wall is Earth_color Granite. kitchen1 has 5 squares in center. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in north with 12 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Purple as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Red. In addition, floor of bedroom2 is Log and Purple, and wall is Pink Painted_Wood. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in southwest. Moreover, bedroom3 wall is Black Ceramics while uses Purple Granite for floor. bedroom3 has 9 squares in west. Besides, washroom1 has 4 squares in south. wall of washroom1 is Marble and Gray as well as floor is Earth_color Rock_Plate. wall of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color, and has Red Painted_Wood floor. balcony1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Blue while has White Mosaic wall. livingroom1 is in east with 33 square meters. kitchen1 has Purple Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Marble and Yellow. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 has Red Rock_Plate wall, and uses Earth_color Marble for floor. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in east. floor of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color while has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in west. bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Wood_Grain, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color. bedroom2 has Yellow Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Blue Ceramics. bedroom2 is in east with 10 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Blue as well as wall is Purple Quartz. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Gray Granite while has Red Coating floor. bedroom2 has 15 squares in west. In addition, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Yellow Granite as well as floor is Log and Gray. Besides, balcony1 has Orange Stone_Brick wall, and floor is Red Wood_Grain. balcony1 has 6 squares in east. livingroom1 has 31 squares in center. livingroom1 has Earth_color Wallpaper wall as well as has Purple Bamboo_Vine floor. Additionally, kitchen1 has 5 squares in west. kitchen1 uses Red Wallpaper for floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 uses Green Wall_Cloth for floor as well as has Orange Granite wall. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 has Green Wood_Veneer floor while has Purple Cement_Board wall. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. Moreover, study1 has 5 squares in west. wall of study1 is Wallpaper and Orange as well as floor is Log and Green. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. floor of bedroom1 is Jade and Yellow while wall is Cement_Board and Wood_color. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Ceramics as well as has Purple Mosaic floor. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. In addition, kitchen1 uses Red Marble for floor while wall is Jade and Orange. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. floor of balcony1 is Granite and Green, and has Blue Wood_Grain wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. balcony2 wall is White Wood_Grain while has Red Painted_Wood floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, study1. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 wall is Blue Wall_Cloth, and floor is Orange Cement_Board. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 floor is Green Wood_Grain as well as wall is Gray Jade. livingroom1 has 56 squares in center. balcony1 floor is Purple Marble, and wall is Pink Coating. balcony1 has 27 squares in west. balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in south. washroom1 wall is Black Wall_Cloth as well as has Purple Ceramics floor. bedroom1 has 12 squares in north. bedroom1 has Gray Quartz floor, and has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall. wall of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Yellow while floor is Jade and Gray. livingroom1 covers 26 square meters located in center. balcony1 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as uses Gray Mosaic for floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in north. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. wall of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Green as well as has Black Ceramics floor. bedroom1 wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood while uses Earth_color Mosaic for floor. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. Moreover, livingroom1 has Purple Marble wall as well as has White Bamboo_Vine floor. livingroom1 has 26 squares in center. kitchen1 has 11 squares in west. kitchen1 uses Purple Jade for floor, and wall is Purple Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 uses Black Granite for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and White. bedroom1 is in east with 15 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 is in center with 10 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Red as well as has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom3 has 9 squares in northeast. bedroom3 has Purple Bamboo_Vine floor while has Yellow Log wall. Moreover, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Wallpaper and Pink, and uses Black Wood_Veneer for floor. Besides, wall of balcony1 is Granite and Blue as well as floor is Stone_Brick and Yellow. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in southwest. In addition, floor of balcony2 is Log and Yellow, and has White Jade wall. balcony2 is in northwest with 3 square meters. livingroom1 has Purple Wood_Grain floor while wall is Quartz and Yellow. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 6 squares in northwest. kitchen1 has Green Rock_Plate floor as well as has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 uses White Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Green Stone_Brick. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in west. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Pink Coating as well as uses Wood_color Wood_Grain for floor. livingroom1 has 28 squares in center. wall of study1 is Log and Gray while floor is Coating and Purple. study1 is in north with 7 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in southwest. wall of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Gray as well as uses Purple Bamboo_Vine for floor. In addition, bedroom2 is in west with 9 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Green, and floor is Red Pure_Color_Wood. Besides, kitchen1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Earth_color Marble floor while wall is White Jade. Moreover, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony1 has Earth_color Log wall as well as floor is Green Stone_Brick. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. study1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 has Green Cement_Board wall, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. Additionally, livingroom1 has Orange Coating wall as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Green. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Granite and Gray while floor is Orange Cement_Board. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Coating and Blue as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Red. bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 floor is Black Wood_Grain while has Green Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Orange Jade, and wall is Painted_Wood and White. Additionally, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 wall is Green Ceramics as well as floor is Granite and Purple. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Wallpaper and Gray while wall is Ceramics and Gray. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. Moreover, wall of balcony2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue as well as floor is Black Painted_Wood. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. floor of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Blue while has Blue Wood_Veneer wall. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. kitchen1 has Yellow Ceramic_Tile floor, and has Purple Wood_Grain wall. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 is in west with 3 square meters. washroom1 floor is Gray Wood_Grain as well as has Wood_color Quartz wall. bedroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain floor while has Red Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1 covers 9 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is in center with 20 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Pink Stone_Brick, and wall is Jade and Wood_color. balcony1 is in east with 4 square meters. balcony1 uses Earth_color Ceramics for floor as well as has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Orange Ceramics wall, and floor is Yellow Rock_Plate. bedroom1 has 12 squares in southeast. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 floor is White Jade while wall is Purple Jade. In addition, bedroom3 covers 7 square meters located in east. bedroom3 uses Orange Ceramics for floor, and wall is Jade and Green. Besides, floor of washroom1 is Jade and Purple while wall is Blue Wood_Veneer. washroom1 is in east with 3 square meters. Moreover, balcony1 has Pink Marble wall as well as floor is Green Granite. balcony1 has 7 squares in north. livingroom1 is in center with 27 square meters. livingroom1 has Pink Log wall, and floor is Marble and Pink. In addition, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor as well as has Earth_color Coating wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom3, balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom1 uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor as well as wall is Marble and Earth_color. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink, and has Blue Stone_Brick floor. bedroom3 wall is Blue Log as well as floor is Pink Wood_Grain. bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. Moreover, washroom1 has Purple Coating wall, and has Black Jade floor. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. balcony1 has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall while has Red Rock_Plate floor. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. Besides, balcony2 floor is Yellow Rock_Plate as well as has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Red while has Gray Ceramic_Tile floor. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Orange Pure_Color_Wood as well as has Green Mosaic wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, floor of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Red, and wall is Gray Log. bedroom1 has 18 squares in southeast. Moreover, bedroom2 is in north with 15 square meters. bedroom2 has Green Mosaic floor as well as has White Coating wall. Besides, floor of washroom1 is Jade and Earth_color, and wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine. washroom1 has 8 squares in southwest. In addition, wall of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow while floor is Red Coating. balcony1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 is in west with 36 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Yellow as well as wall is Wood_color Mosaic. In addition, kitchen1 has 5 squares in center. kitchen1 wall is White Mosaic, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 12 squares in northwest. bedroom1 has Blue Cement_Board wall, and uses Blue Wood_Grain for floor. In addition, bedroom2 is in northeast with 11 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and White while has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine wall. Besides, washroom1 has Blue Marble floor, and wall is Ceramics and Green. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. Moreover, balcony1 has Yellow Rock_Plate floor as well as wall is Coating and Wood_color. balcony1 is in east with 5 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 is in center with 26 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Jade and Wood_color while has Orange Cement_Board floor. Moreover, kitchen1 wall is Pink Coating as well as floor is Wood_Grain and Red. kitchen1 has 10 squares in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Yellow Coating wall as well as floor is Pink Stone_Brick. bedroom1 has 10 squares in northeast. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in south. bedroom2 floor is Red Wall_Cloth, and wall is Jade and Orange. Moreover, bedroom3 is in center with 7 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Wood_color Rock_Plate while has Pink Rock_Plate wall. Besides, washroom1 uses Gray Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Blue Jade. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. balcony1 has Orange Cement_Board floor while has Blue Wallpaper wall. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in south. livingroom1 covers 24 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Wood_Veneer, and wall is Green Bamboo_Vine. Moreover, kitchen1 has 6 squares in northwest. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow as well as floor is Cement_Board and Gray. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3. bedroom3, balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom1 has Blue Jade floor as well as wall is Orange Quartz. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom2 wall is White Rock_Plate while floor is Wallpaper and Purple. In addition, wall of bedroom3 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple as well as floor is Gray Wallpaper. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Blue Cement_Board while floor is Green Marble. In addition, balcony1 wall is Yellow Ceramics as well as floor is Orange Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony2 floor is Pink Wood_Grain, and wall is Rock_Plate and Orange. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine as well as has Gray Quartz floor. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Green, and floor is Marble and Pink. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 uses Purple Ceramic_Tile for floor, and has Gray Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom1 has 20 squares in east. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Blue Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Marble and Gray. bedroom2 has 16 squares in east. In addition, washroom1 is in west with 9 square meters. washroom1 uses Wood_color Wood_Grain for floor as well as has Earth_color Mosaic wall. washroom2 has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall while has Gray Wallpaper floor. washroom2 is in east with 6 square meters. Moreover, balcony1 has White Ceramic_Tile floor as well as has Green Mosaic wall. balcony1 has 4 squares in east. livingroom1 covers 44 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Pink Jade for floor, and wall is Black Quartz. kitchen1 is in west with 7 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Blue Marble while floor is Purple Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom2, washroom2, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. The house plan has four bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in southeast with 17 square meters. bedroom1 uses Purple Wood_Veneer for floor as well as wall is Red Marble. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Red Jade while floor is Quartz and Purple. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in southwest. bedroom3 has 12 squares in northeast. bedroom3 has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor as well as wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile. Besides, bedroom4 has 5 squares in southeast. wall of bedroom4 is Painted_Wood and Earth_color while floor is Wood_Veneer and Black. In addition, washroom1 uses Purple Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as has Red Mosaic wall. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom2 has 4 squares in east. washroom2 floor is Black Wood_Veneer, and wall is Red Wall_Cloth. Moreover, balcony1 has White Ceramics floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. livingroom1 wall is Red Stone_Brick, and floor is Green Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 has 51 squares in center. livingroom2 is in east with 3 square meters. livingroom2 has Green Jade wall as well as uses Pink Stone_Brick for floor. kitchen1 is in northwest with 9 square meters. kitchen1 uses Yellow Wallpaper for floor while wall is Wallpaper and Wood_color. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, livingroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom4, livingroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2, livingroom2. bedroom4, washroom2, livingroom2 and washroom1 are connected. washroom2 is next to livingroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color as well as floor is Wood_color Wallpaper. bedroom1 is in west with 19 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Gray Rock_Plate for floor while wall is Red Quartz. bedroom2 is in northwest with 12 square meters. bedroom3 floor is White Quartz as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Wood_color. bedroom3 is in northeast with 11 square meters. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Red Painted_Wood while floor is Yellow Coating. In addition, washroom2 has Purple Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Pink Cement_Board. washroom2 covers 6 square meters located in west. Additionally, balcony1 is in south with 7 square meters. balcony1 uses White Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is White Stone_Brick. Besides, livingroom1 covers 50 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Black Painted_Wood as well as wall is Black Rock_Plate. wall of kitchen1 is Coating and Orange while uses Yellow Stone_Brick for floor. kitchen1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, balcony1, washroom2, kitchen1. washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 uses Purple Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Red. washroom1 has 6 squares in southeast. In addition, study1 floor is White Ceramics, and has Pink Coating wall. study1 has 12 squares in southwest. Besides, bedroom1 is in north with 21 square meters. bedroom1 has Pink Stone_Brick floor as well as has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall. floor of bedroom2 is Cement_Board and Black while wall is Gray Painted_Wood. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, livingroom1 uses Yellow Wallpaper for floor, and has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. livingroom1 has 42 squares in center. Besides, wall of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Blue as well as uses Gray Coating for floor. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in east. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. washroom1 is next to kitchen1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has Black Stone_Brick wall as well as has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 uses Green Quartz for floor while wall is Marble and Pink. bedroom1 has 11 squares in west. In addition, bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in north. bedroom2 uses Red Mosaic for floor, and wall is Wood_color Ceramics. Additionally, livingroom1 has Black Mosaic wall as well as floor is Orange Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 is in center with 30 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 has Yellow Ceramics floor while has White Quartz wall. kitchen1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom2, kitchen1 and bedroom1 are connected. Building layout contains three washrooms, one study, four bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has Black Wallpaper wall as well as uses Wood_color Wallpaper for floor. washroom1 is in north with 6 square meters. washroom2 floor is Yellow Ceramics while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. washroom2 has 4 squares in southwest. washroom3 is in south with 3 square meters. washroom3 wall is Yellow Jade as well as has Red Wood_Veneer floor. study1 uses Orange Quartz for floor, and wall is Log and Green. study1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. bedroom1 has 19 squares in northeast. floor of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue while wall is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Purple Rock_Plate as well as has Wood_color Granite floor. bedroom2 has 17 squares in east. bedroom3 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 floor is White Stone_Brick while has White Ceramic_Tile wall. In addition, bedroom4 covers 10 square meters located in west. bedroom4 wall is Gray Wall_Cloth as well as has Wood_color Wallpaper floor. livingroom1 covers 69 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Jade while uses White Wall_Cloth for floor. balcony1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Orange Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Earth_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, bedroom4, study1, washroom1, balcony1, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom4, washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. study1 is next to balcony1, washroom2, washroom3. washroom2 and balcony1 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Pink Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Purple Ceramics. bedroom1 is in southwest with 18 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall while uses Blue Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom2 is in northwest with 12 square meters. Besides, bedroom3 is in southeast with 11 square meters. bedroom3 has Black Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Coating and Orange. Moreover, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in south. washroom1 floor is Pink Stone_Brick while wall is Gray Jade. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in southeast. washroom2 wall is Yellow Rock_Plate, and has Pink Painted_Wood floor. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile while floor is Painted_Wood and Orange. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. balcony2 has 4 squares in southeast. floor of balcony2 is Bamboo_Vine and Black as well as wall is Black Ceramic_Tile. Additionally, livingroom1 has Purple Cement_Board floor while wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 covers 41 square meters located in center. kitchen1 floor is Gray Bamboo_Vine, and wall is White Ceramics. kitchen1 is in east with 11 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. washroom2 and balcony2 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in center. wall of bedroom1 is Granite and Green, and uses White Cement_Board for floor. bedroom2 is in southeast with 8 square meters. bedroom2 has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as uses Orange Cement_Board for floor. Additionally, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in east. washroom1 uses Red Ceramics for floor, and has Wood_color Quartz wall. balcony1 is in north with 7 square meters. balcony1 uses Blue Wood_Veneer for floor as well as has Black Ceramics wall. livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile while floor is Quartz and Wood_color. Besides, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Granite and Earth_color. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 uses Pink Ceramics for floor, and wall is Red Marble. bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 has Gray Wood_Grain wall while has Gray Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. floor of bedroom3 is Mosaic and Orange as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Gray. floor of washroom1 is Jade and Wood_color, and wall is Blue Granite. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. Moreover, balcony1 has Black Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Orange. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Red Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Red Ceramics. kitchen1 wall is Red Granite as well as floor is Ceramics and Black. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 6 squares in north. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Black, and has Gray Mosaic floor. livingroom1 floor is Pink Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Jade and Wood_color. livingroom1 covers 39 square meters located in center. closet1 has Orange Cement_Board wall, and floor is Marble and Blue. closet1 is in west with 8 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Purple while wall is Coating and Earth_color. bedroom1 has 14 squares in southwest. Additionally, bedroom2 is in north with 11 square meters. bedroom2 has Yellow Mosaic floor, and wall is Granite and Blue. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 wall is Yellow Rock_Plate while floor is Ceramics and White. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Blue, and floor is Painted_Wood and Orange. balcony1 is in south with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, closet1, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to closet1, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to closet1, washroom1. washroom1 is next to kitchen1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Orange as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. bedroom1 is in west with 19 square meters. bedroom2 has Pink Cement_Board wall while has Black Granite floor. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 floor is Blue Rock_Plate as well as wall is White Jade. bedroom3 has 11 squares in north. washroom1 has Gray Painted_Wood floor while wall is Jade and Wood_color. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. In addition, washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom2 floor is Green Log, and has Green Granite wall. balcony1 has 7 squares in west. balcony1 floor is Gray Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Pink Granite. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 57 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color while uses Green Painted_Wood for floor. floor of kitchen1 is Quartz and Gray, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and four balconys. To be specific, washroom1 covers 10 square meters located in west. washroom1 has Pink Rock_Plate floor as well as has White Wall_Cloth wall. floor of washroom2 is Granite and Blue while has Pink Coating wall. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in north. livingroom1 has 47 squares in east. livingroom1 has Wood_color Wallpaper wall, and uses Green Rock_Plate for floor. Moreover, study1 has 9 squares in center. study1 uses Blue Wallpaper for floor while wall is Pink Rock_Plate. Besides, bedroom1 has 26 squares in west. bedroom1 uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Pink. In addition, bedroom2 has Purple Jade wall, and floor is Yellow Wood_Grain. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in north. floor of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray as well as wall is Wallpaper and Wood_color. In addition, balcony1 uses Yellow Pure_Color_Wood for floor while wall is Cement_Board and Pink. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony2 has 4 squares in southeast. balcony2 wall is Purple Ceramic_Tile as well as has Blue Painted_Wood floor. wall of balcony3 is Quartz and Black while uses Green Coating for floor. balcony3 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, balcony4 has 4 squares in northeast. floor of balcony4 is Wall_Cloth and Gray as well as has Orange Rock_Plate wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2, balcony2, balcony4. bedroom2, washroom1, study1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2, balcony3. balcony3 and washroom1 are connected. study1 is next to balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2. balcony2 and balcony1 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to balcony3. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has Green Painted_Wood floor as well as has Wood_color Marble wall. washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. bedroom1 has Red Wood_Veneer wall, and has Pink Rock_Plate floor. bedroom1 is in north with 16 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 floor is Yellow Stone_Brick as well as has Red Rock_Plate wall. bedroom2 has 10 squares in southeast. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in west. livingroom1 floor is Yellow Stone_Brick, and wall is Log and Pink. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Gray Wallpaper. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, three balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 19 squares in northwest. bedroom1 has Yellow Ceramics wall as well as has Gray Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom2 has 13 squares in northeast. bedroom2 has Pink Ceramics wall, and uses Wood_color Wood_Grain for floor. Additionally, bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom3 is Quartz and Purple while uses Black Wall_Cloth for floor. washroom1 has White Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is White Log. washroom1 has 7 squares in north. wall of washroom2 is Stone_Brick and Wood_color while floor is Black Pure_Color_Wood. washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. balcony1 wall is Orange Wallpaper as well as has White Ceramic_Tile floor. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in north. Moreover, balcony2 has 7 squares in west. balcony2 has Black Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Orange Wood_Veneer. balcony3 has Gray Wood_Grain wall as well as has Orange Marble floor. balcony3 covers 4 square meters located in east. livingroom1 wall is White Wood_Veneer, and uses Green Wood_Grain for floor. livingroom1 has 41 squares in center. In addition, kitchen1 wall is White Quartz while uses Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2, washroom2, balcony3. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony2. bedroom3, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony3. washroom1 is next to balcony1. washroom2 is adjacent to balcony3. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom1 has White Log wall as well as floor is Coating and Earth_color. Additionally, bedroom2 has Red Painted_Wood floor while wall is White Painted_Wood. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. wall of bedroom3 is Bamboo_Vine and Purple, and uses Yellow Mosaic for floor. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom1 floor is Blue Granite as well as has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. balcony1 wall is Yellow Wood_Grain while uses Gray Quartz for floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. balcony2 wall is Wood_color Jade as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Black. Besides, livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Wood_Grain, and wall is Red Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. In addition, wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Orange as well as has Black Ceramic_Tile floor. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Yellow Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Marble and Pink. bedroom1 has 16 squares in northeast. bedroom2 has 11 squares in north. wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Yellow, and has Red Rock_Plate floor. In addition, bedroom3 uses Red Ceramic_Tile for floor while wall is Cement_Board and Gray. bedroom3 has 10 squares in south. washroom1 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has Orange Stone_Brick floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in south. Besides, washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Orange while floor is Mosaic and Purple. Additionally, balcony1 wall is Green Marble, and has Orange Wood_Veneer floor. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 is in west with 38 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Pink Cement_Board while uses Green Ceramics for floor. kitchen1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Blue Wood_Veneer, and wall is Blue Ceramics. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 uses Pink Quartz for floor as well as wall is Ceramics and White. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. wall of washroom2 is Quartz and Earth_color, and floor is Mosaic and White. washroom2 has 5 squares in east. livingroom1 has 44 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Wood_color as well as floor is Quartz and Yellow. Additionally, study1 wall is Yellow Wall_Cloth while uses Purple Mosaic for floor. study1 has 15 squares in northeast. Moreover, bedroom1 has Red Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Purple Stone_Brick. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in southeast. In addition, bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in southwest. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramics and Red while floor is Wall_Cloth and Yellow. Moreover, kitchen1 has 8 squares in north. kitchen1 wall is Yellow Ceramic_Tile as well as uses Orange Ceramics for floor. In addition, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. balcony1 wall is Black Marble while floor is Red Coating. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom2. study1 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Gray Wood_Veneer. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. bedroom1 wall is Purple Coating as well as uses Blue Coating for floor. bedroom1 has 13 squares in northwest. livingroom1 has Black Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Red. livingroom1 has 19 squares in center. balcony1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. balcony1 wall is Pink Painted_Wood as well as has Black Wall_Cloth floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one storage, one livingroom, and three bedrooms. More specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. washroom1 uses Red Painted_Wood for floor as well as has Orange Cement_Board wall. In addition, washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in north. floor of washroom2 is Wall_Cloth and White while has Wood_color Ceramics wall. storage1 floor is White Coating as well as wall is Mosaic and Yellow. storage1 covers 4 square meters located in center. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 61 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Earth_color Wallpaper for floor while wall is Jade and Black. Moreover, bedroom1 has Wood_color Granite wall, and floor is Wood_color Log. bedroom1 is in northwest with 18 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 has Blue Ceramics wall while has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in southwest. Additionally, bedroom3 is in northeast with 12 square meters. bedroom3 has Purple Coating wall, and has Yellow Rock_Plate floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, washroom2, storage1. bedroom1 is next to washroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Purple Coating wall as well as floor is Purple Coating. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Green while floor is Green Quartz. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in center. wall of washroom1 is Granite and Gray, and has Orange Jade floor. balcony1 has Yellow Log floor while wall is Red Log. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. In addition, livingroom1 has 30 squares in north. livingroom1 has Yellow Wood_Grain wall, and has Wood_color Wall_Cloth floor. kitchen1 floor is Green Cement_Board while has Gray Stone_Brick wall. kitchen1 has 8 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 uses Pink Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as has Pink Jade wall. livingroom1 has 37 squares in east. livingroom1 wall is Gray Granite, and uses Earth_color Mosaic for floor. study1 has White Ceramics wall while has Gray Stone_Brick floor. study1 has 11 squares in northwest. storage1 wall is Black Marble as well as uses Black Stone_Brick for floor. storage1 is in west with 3 square meters. bedroom1 uses Purple Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Ceramics and Orange. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in southwest. wall of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Gray while uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom2 has 13 squares in south. kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in north. wall of kitchen1 is Granite and Green as well as floor is Orange Painted_Wood. balcony1 has Orange Painted_Wood wall while uses Yellow Rock_Plate for floor. balcony1 has 5 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, storage1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, storage1. study1 is adjacent to washroom1, storage1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 uses White Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and has Blue Wood_Veneer wall. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. livingroom1 wall is Purple Log while has Green Jade floor. livingroom1 is in center with 33 square meters. corridor1 covers 3 square meters located in east. corridor1 has Yellow Rock_Plate wall as well as has Orange Ceramics floor. In addition, bedroom1 is in east with 19 square meters. bedroom1 has Pink Wood_Veneer floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color. bedroom2 has Green Bamboo_Vine wall, and uses Purple Coating for floor. bedroom2 has 11 squares in northwest. Additionally, bedroom3 has 9 squares in southeast. bedroom3 uses Orange Wood_Grain for floor as well as has Purple Stone_Brick wall. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Wood_color, and floor is Mosaic and White. kitchen1 is in south with 12 square meters. balcony1 is in north with 15 square meters. balcony1 has Red Quartz wall as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. bedroom1, balcony1, kitchen1, bedroom2, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1, corridor1. kitchen1 is next to bedroom3. washroom1, corridor1 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to corridor1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 6 squares in southeast. washroom1 has Orange Rock_Plate floor, and has Orange Wood_Grain wall. livingroom1 is in center with 33 square meters. livingroom1 has Pink Wall_Cloth wall while has Blue Granite floor. Additionally, floor of closet1 is Painted_Wood and Pink, and has Black Mosaic wall. closet1 covers 11 square meters located in center. Moreover, bedroom1 wall is Blue Ceramic_Tile as well as uses Purple Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in north. Additionally, kitchen1 has Yellow Mosaic wall while floor is Yellow Jade. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in south. balcony1 wall is Pink Jade, and floor is Black Cement_Board. balcony1 is in north with 6 square meters. bedroom1, closet1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to closet1. closet1 is adjacent to kitchen1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 wall is Purple Ceramics as well as uses Green Quartz for floor. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom2 floor is Gray Cement_Board while wall is Green Stone_Brick. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. wall of bedroom3 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink as well as has Yellow Granite floor. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Granite and Green while uses Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor. Moreover, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 uses Yellow Wall_Cloth for floor, and wall is Green Wood_Grain. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. floor of balcony2 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow as well as wall is Quartz and Blue. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. livingroom1 has Red Ceramics wall while floor is Earth_color Quartz. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Blue as well as floor is Ceramics and Earth_color. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The house plan has two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 floor is Wood_color Marble as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Pink. washroom1 covers 8 square meters located in west. Moreover, wall of washroom2 is Ceramics and Red, and floor is Blue Granite. washroom2 covers 8 square meters located in center. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Pink as well as floor is Log and Red. bedroom1 covers 21 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom2 is Granite and Purple while floor is Wallpaper and Earth_color. bedroom2 has 12 squares in south. In addition, floor of bedroom3 is Jade and Gray as well as wall is Cement_Board and Orange. bedroom3 is in west with 11 square meters. livingroom1 covers 65 square meters located in east. livingroom1 wall is Gray Wood_Veneer, and uses Earth_color Coating for floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. wall of balcony1 is Marble and Purple as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Yellow. Moreover, balcony2 wall is Yellow Marble, and uses Green Wallpaper for floor. balcony2 has 3 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2, balcony1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. balcony2 and washroom2 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in east with 29 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and White as well as has Yellow Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom2 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Blue Ceramics. bedroom2 has 19 squares in west. Additionally, washroom1 is in west with 6 square meters. washroom1 wall is White Ceramic_Tile as well as has Yellow Wood_Grain floor. floor of balcony1 is Log and Blue, and has Wood_color Mosaic wall. balcony1 is in north with 12 square meters. balcony2 has 4 squares in west. balcony2 floor is Blue Wood_Grain while has Wood_color Coating wall. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Black Wood_Grain as well as has Earth_color Painted_Wood floor. livingroom1 is in south with 27 square meters. livingroom2 has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor while has Yellow Wall_Cloth wall. livingroom2 has 25 squares in center. kitchen1 floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood as well as has White Jade wall. kitchen1 covers 11 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1, livingroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. livingroom1 is adjacent to livingroom2, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. livingroom2 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1, balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to balcony2. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 uses White Painted_Wood for floor as well as has Orange Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1 has 16 squares in southwest. In addition, wall of bedroom2 is Cement_Board and Gray, and floor is Marble and Green. bedroom2 is in center with 10 square meters. Besides, bedroom3 has 10 squares in north. bedroom3 uses Green Jade for floor while wall is Red Coating. Additionally, washroom1 has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Ceramics and Yellow. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom2 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Blue as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Black. balcony1 uses Yellow Ceramics for floor while has White Bamboo_Vine wall. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Red Rock_Plate, and floor is Gray Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in east. kitchen1 floor is Yellow Wallpaper while wall is Orange Jade. kitchen1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom2. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 has Green Marble wall, and has Gray Cement_Board floor. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Orange as well as floor is Marble and Purple. Additionally, bedroom3 wall is Orange Granite while floor is Ceramics and Yellow. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. Besides, wall of washroom1 is Marble and Purple, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Red. washroom1 is in north with 6 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 is in north with 5 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Coating and Green as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. balcony1 is in east with 6 square meters. balcony1 floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. floor of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Yellow as well as wall is Cement_Board and Pink. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 is in west with 6 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Yellow Marble while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Blue. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Red Log wall, and floor is Red Ceramics. wall of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Wood_color while floor is Marble and Wood_color. livingroom1 is in center with 32 square meters. Additionally, wall of bedroom1 is Jade and Blue, and uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom1 has 11 squares in northeast. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Granite and White, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Black. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in east. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow as well as has Green Mosaic wall. Besides, floor of study1 is Marble and Green while wall is Earth_color Quartz. study1 has 13 squares in west. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 has Gray Marble floor, and has Wood_color Rock_Plate wall. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in south. floor of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Orange while wall is Wood_color Granite. kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has White Coating floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. balcony1 has 5 squares in southeast. balcony1 floor is Green Marble, and has Wood_color Log wall. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1, bedroom2. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, three storages, and one livingroom. To be specific, washroom1 uses Earth_color Wood_Grain for floor, and has Red Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom1 is in south with 6 square meters. storage1 wall is Red Rock_Plate while uses Red Pure_Color_Wood for floor. storage1 is in east with 26 square meters. storage2 wall is Pink Log, and floor is Mosaic and Orange. storage2 covers 0 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, storage3 is in northeast with 0 square meters. storage3 has Pink Bamboo_Vine wall while uses Red Pure_Color_Wood for floor. Besides, wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow as well as floor is Blue Ceramics. livingroom1 is in center with 26 square meters. washroom1, storage1, storage2, storage3 and livingroom1 are connected. washroom1 is next to storage1. storage2, storage3 and storage1 are connected. The house plan has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Red Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Red Stone_Brick. bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in center. washroom1 has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall, and uses White Marble for floor. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in southeast. Additionally, floor of balcony1 is Log and Pink while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Green. balcony1 has 4 squares in northwest. Besides, floor of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Orange as well as wall is Purple Stone_Brick. livingroom1 is in south with 11 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 is in east with 5 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Red Wall_Cloth while wall is White Jade. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in west with 14 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Red Wood_Grain, and floor is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. bedroom2 has Green Bamboo_Vine floor as well as has Yellow Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in center. Moreover, washroom1 floor is Red Wood_Veneer while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Red. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. In addition, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in west. floor of balcony1 is Ceramics and White, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. Besides, livingroom1 has Blue Coating wall while has Black Wallpaper floor. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has Gray Stone_Brick wall, and uses Black Granite for floor. kitchen1 is in east with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, one closet, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Orange Marble. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom1 uses Orange Coating for floor while wall is Black Granite. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Stone_Brick, and has Green Rock_Plate floor. bedroom2 is in south with 9 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Veneer wall while has Gray Wall_Cloth floor. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in west. Besides, closet1 has Green Painted_Wood wall, and uses Orange Mosaic for floor. closet1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. Additionally, floor of balcony1 is Quartz and Gray as well as has Black Log wall. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, closet1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. closet1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 has Green Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Mosaic and Black. Moreover, livingroom1 uses Pink Marble for floor while wall is Quartz and Green. livingroom1 is in center with 33 square meters. Besides, storage1 has 3 squares in southeast. storage1 has Blue Quartz wall as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Black. bedroom1 has 15 squares in northwest. bedroom1 uses Pink Coating for floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. In addition, bedroom2 has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile wall as well as has Black Coating floor. bedroom2 is in northeast with 10 square meters. Moreover, bedroom3 floor is White Mosaic while wall is Wood_color Wood_Veneer. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in east. kitchen1 floor is Black Wallpaper, and has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in west. wall of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Orange while uses Yellow Quartz for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. storage1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Jade and Blue, and floor is White Painted_Wood. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 48 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Pink as well as has Yellow Log wall. storage1 floor is Blue Rock_Plate, and wall is Yellow Marble. storage1 is in east with 5 square meters. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 floor is Yellow Granite while wall is White Coating. bedroom2 uses Orange Granite for floor, and has Orange Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in southwest. bedroom3 has White Wood_Veneer floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Black. bedroom3 has 14 squares in northeast. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. wall of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange while uses White Wallpaper for floor. balcony1 wall is Red Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Ceramics and Red. balcony1 has 7 squares in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, storage1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, storage1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. storage1 is next to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has Gray Quartz floor as well as wall is Pink Log. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. wall of washroom2 is Wallpaper and Pink, and has Gray Wood_Grain floor. Moreover, livingroom1 uses Wood_color Bamboo_Vine for floor while wall is Ceramics and Purple. livingroom1 is in center with 43 square meters. Additionally, study1 wall is Green Ceramic_Tile, and has White Granite floor. study1 covers 15 square meters located in northwest. Besides, floor of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Blue as well as wall is Log and Pink. bedroom1 is in southwest with 19 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 has 16 squares in southeast. wall of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Earth_color, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Blue. kitchen1 is in north with 9 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Green as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Blue. Moreover, balcony1 is in south with 7 square meters. balcony1 uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Yellow Marble. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. wall of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Black, and has Purple Stone_Brick floor. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Pink. bedroom2 floor is Green Jade, and wall is Blue Wall_Cloth. bedroom2 has 10 squares in center. bedroom3 has 8 squares in south. floor of bedroom3 is Ceramics and Pink while has Pink Bamboo_Vine wall. livingroom1 is in west with 54 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Gray Wood_Grain, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Gray. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 has Green Mosaic wall while has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 wall is Wood_color Jade, and has White Mosaic floor. bedroom1 is in west with 12 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 floor is Red Wallpaper while has Orange Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom2 has 11 squares in south. washroom1 wall is Red Mosaic as well as uses Orange Mosaic for floor. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. Besides, balcony1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and White while has Pink Stone_Brick wall. Moreover, floor of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Orange, and has Pink Quartz wall. livingroom1 has 21 squares in northeast. kitchen1 uses Pink Wood_Grain for floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Orange. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom1 has White Marble wall, and floor is Rock_Plate and Orange. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in center. floor of washroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink as well as wall is White Jade. Moreover, livingroom1 floor is Green Coating while has Gray Granite wall. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. Additionally, study1 covers 9 square meters located in north. study1 has Blue Jade wall, and uses White Ceramics for floor. bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Granite as well as has Earth_color Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom1 is in south with 14 square meters. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink while uses Earth_color Wallpaper for floor. In addition, kitchen1 is in center with 7 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Blue, and wall is Log and Earth_color. Besides, balcony1 has 7 squares in south. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood while has Green Mosaic floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. study1, kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 12 squares in north. bedroom1 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor, and wall is White Log. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange while uses Green Wallpaper for floor. wall of bedroom3 is Rock_Plate and Green as well as uses Wood_color Jade for floor. bedroom3 has 9 squares in west. Moreover, washroom1 uses Purple Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Pink Stone_Brick. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in south. Additionally, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. wall of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Wood_color, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Black. Moreover, livingroom1 has 33 squares in east. livingroom1 has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall while uses Gray Quartz for floor. In addition, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in south. kitchen1 has Wood_color Coating floor, and wall is Marble and Earth_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, balcony1. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one storage, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom1 has Pink Coating wall, and floor is Earth_color Coating. storage1 has 2 squares in north. wall of storage1 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow while floor is Orange Wallpaper. bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Black Stone_Brick. bedroom1 has 15 squares in east. bedroom2 uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is Gray Quartz. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in south. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Pink, and wall is Pink Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 5 squares in west. wall of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color as well as floor is Purple Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, storage1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 is next to kitchen1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Wallpaper and Wood_color as well as floor is Black Wallpaper. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Jade and Blue, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Green. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in center. Besides, bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. floor of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Black while wall is Black Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. House has two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Green, and floor is Red Wallpaper. washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. Additionally, washroom2 uses Purple Bamboo_Vine for floor while wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 floor is Purple Ceramic_Tile, and has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall. bedroom1 has 21 squares in east. bedroom2 wall is Red Marble as well as floor is Earth_color Painted_Wood. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in center. Besides, livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Wallpaper, and has Yellow Quartz floor. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in west. In addition, balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Mosaic and Red while wall is Granite and Green. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, washroom2. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 uses Red Coating for floor as well as has Pink Ceramics wall. washroom1 is in west with 3 square meters. livingroom1 is in north with 32 square meters. livingroom1 has Wood_color Jade wall while floor is Blue Mosaic. study1 has 7 squares in southwest. floor of study1 is Marble and Pink as well as wall is Wallpaper and Red. bedroom1 uses White Wall_Cloth for floor while wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in south. bedroom2 has Black Stone_Brick wall as well as uses Red Ceramics for floor. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in center. kitchen1 is in west with 5 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Red Coating while wall is Coating and Yellow. Moreover, balcony1 has Blue Stone_Brick wall, and uses Pink Bamboo_Vine for floor. balcony1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1. washroom1 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color, and wall is Gray Mosaic. washroom1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in west. bedroom1 has Pink Bamboo_Vine wall while uses Pink Cement_Board for floor. Additionally, bedroom2 is in east with 13 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Red Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Green Bamboo_Vine. In addition, livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Green Jade for floor while wall is Log and Wood_color. Additionally, balcony1 has 3 squares in south. balcony1 uses Purple Mosaic for floor as well as has Yellow Log wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1. balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 wall is Red Bamboo_Vine, and uses Earth_color Ceramics for floor. bedroom2 has Green Granite wall while has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom2 has 11 squares in west. Moreover, floor of bedroom3 is Mosaic and Pink, and wall is Earth_color Log. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in center. Besides, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Log and White while floor is Pink Ceramics. wall of washroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Pink, and has Earth_color Cement_Board floor. washroom2 is in west with 4 square meters. balcony1 is in north with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Pink Cement_Board wall while floor is Stone_Brick and Green. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in east. livingroom1 has Black Painted_Wood wall as well as has Blue Wall_Cloth floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in northeast. kitchen1 has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall while has Purple Wood_Grain floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom2. kitchen1, washroom1 and balcony1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 20 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 floor is Yellow Painted_Wood as well as wall is Ceramics and Green. In addition, bedroom2 has 12 squares in east. bedroom2 has Purple Log wall while has Earth_color Rock_Plate floor. Besides, bedroom3 is in west with 12 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Yellow Marble as well as floor is Granite and Blue. washroom1 wall is Yellow Stone_Brick while has White Pure_Color_Wood floor. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in north. wall of washroom2 is Granite and White as well as floor is Green Wood_Grain. In addition, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in east. balcony1 has Purple Wall_Cloth wall, and floor is White Wall_Cloth. balcony2 has 2 squares in southwest. balcony2 uses Yellow Mosaic for floor while has Gray Rock_Plate wall. livingroom1 covers 47 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Yellow Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Pink Log. kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. wall of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and White while uses Green Marble for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom2. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to balcony2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 wall is Blue Granite, and has Purple Wall_Cloth floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. In addition, livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Orange Bamboo_Vine while has Orange Quartz wall. Besides, study1 wall is Blue Cement_Board as well as has Yellow Wallpaper floor. study1 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Purple, and floor is Wood_Grain and Green. bedroom1 has 14 squares in northeast. Additionally, bedroom2 is in northwest with 11 square meters. bedroom2 has Purple Marble floor while has Gray Mosaic wall. Moreover, kitchen1 has 6 squares in west. floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Orange as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Red. Besides, balcony1 has Black Rock_Plate floor, and wall is Purple Mosaic. balcony1 has 6 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, floor of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Blue as well as has Pink Cement_Board wall. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in east. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is Black Rock_Plate, and floor is Pink Marble. bedroom2 has 8 squares in west. In addition, washroom1 wall is Orange Painted_Wood as well as uses Wood_color Log for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. balcony1 covers 2 square meters located in east. balcony1 has Blue Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood. livingroom1 uses Earth_color Marble for floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 8 squares in northeast. kitchen1 wall is Green Painted_Wood, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Black as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Purple. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, bedroom2 has Earth_color Cement_Board floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and Orange. bedroom2 has 11 squares in south. Additionally, washroom1 uses Black Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. wall of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Wood_color as well as has Black Coating floor. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. livingroom1 has Yellow Log floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Pink. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. Besides, kitchen1 uses Yellow Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and has Orange Ceramics wall. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 17 squares in northwest. bedroom1 has Blue Stone_Brick floor, and has Red Ceramics wall. bedroom2 uses Gray Painted_Wood for floor while has Purple Log wall. bedroom2 is in east with 13 square meters. In addition, floor of bedroom3 is Granite and Red as well as wall is Marble and Pink. bedroom3 has 12 squares in center. Besides, floor of washroom1 is Coating and Green, and wall is Wallpaper and Orange. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. Moreover, balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in west. balcony1 has White Ceramics wall while floor is Black Pure_Color_Wood. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Black Rock_Plate, and uses Red Wood_Grain for floor. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in center. Additionally, kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. kitchen1 has Red Stone_Brick wall while floor is Cement_Board and Yellow. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, kitchen1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in south. wall of washroom1 is Wallpaper and Red as well as has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor. bedroom1 has Gray Ceramics wall while floor is Coating and Green. bedroom1 is in center with 25 square meters. balcony1 has 6 squares in north. balcony1 uses Wood_color Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as has Gray Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. In practice, washroom1 has Blue Coating wall, and floor is Coating and Orange. washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. Moreover, livingroom1 has Orange Ceramics floor as well as wall is Orange Log. livingroom1 has 34 squares in west. bedroom1 has 15 squares in east. bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Mosaic, and wall is Wallpaper and Black. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 is in northwest with 3 square meters. washroom1 floor is Red Rock_Plate as well as wall is Gray Coating. bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in south. floor of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Black, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow. livingroom1 wall is Red Painted_Wood while floor is Black Marble. livingroom1 is in north with 26 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in north. kitchen1 uses Yellow Ceramics for floor as well as has Gray Wallpaper wall. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in east with 18 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Blue as well as wall is Jade and Purple. bedroom2 wall is Black Granite while has White Wallpaper floor. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in southeast. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in center. bedroom3 has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor, and has Wood_color Jade wall. wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange while has Green Cement_Board floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Red as well as has Gray Painted_Wood floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in north. In addition, livingroom1 uses White Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 has 34 squares in center. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. floor of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Earth_color while has Yellow Coating wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as uses Green Stone_Brick for floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in east. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Red Wall_Cloth while has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor. livingroom1 is in center with 40 square meters. Moreover, study1 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. study1 wall is Blue Log, and has Earth_color Log floor. Additionally, floor of bedroom1 is Quartz and Red while wall is Wood_color Log. bedroom1 is in southeast with 18 square meters. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 has Black Wood_Veneer floor as well as has Black Coating wall. kitchen1 has Orange Stone_Brick wall while has Orange Cement_Board floor. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in north. balcony1 wall is Green Wallpaper as well as uses Purple Marble for floor. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color, and wall is Red Rock_Plate. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Pink as well as floor is Earth_color Log. livingroom1 has 40 squares in center. floor of storage1 is Quartz and Gray, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and White. storage1 has 2 squares in north. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Black while has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor. kitchen1 has Green Ceramics floor as well as wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick. kitchen1 has 8 squares in north. Moreover, wall of balcony1 is Jade and Wood_color, and has Red Bamboo_Vine floor. balcony1 is in south with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1, storage1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1. washroom1 is adjacent to storage1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow as well as wall is Red Coating. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 has Purple Bamboo_Vine floor, and has Purple Rock_Plate wall. livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. study1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Wood_Grain and Blue. study1 has 7 squares in west. Additionally, bedroom1 wall is Orange Cement_Board while floor is Cement_Board and White. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom2 has White Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Ceramics and White. bedroom2 is in center with 10 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. kitchen1 has Yellow Wall_Cloth wall, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Pink. Besides, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. balcony1 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Gray Quartz. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1, balcony1. study1, kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has two bedrooms, two washrooms, three balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in west with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Coating and Red, and has Green Painted_Wood floor. bedroom2 has Pink Ceramics floor while has Orange Jade wall. bedroom2 is in center with 9 square meters. washroom1 floor is White Marble as well as has Earth_color Wallpaper wall. washroom1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. washroom2 has 4 squares in west. washroom2 has Black Quartz wall, and uses White Cement_Board for floor. balcony1 is in southwest with 10 square meters. balcony1 uses Black Ceramics for floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Purple. Additionally, balcony2 wall is Black Wallpaper, and has Gray Granite floor. balcony2 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. balcony3 is in south with 3 square meters. balcony3 wall is Pink Wall_Cloth as well as uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in east. livingroom1 uses Orange Coating for floor while wall is Black Jade. Besides, kitchen1 uses White Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Pink Painted_Wood. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in south. bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom1, balcony3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom2, washroom2. balcony1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1, balcony3 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to balcony3. The house plan has three bedrooms, three washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, floor of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Pink, and wall is Rock_Plate and White. bedroom1 is in west with 17 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile while floor is Mosaic and Earth_color. bedroom2 is in northwest with 17 square meters. Moreover, bedroom3 has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has Earth_color Coating floor. bedroom3 has 12 squares in northeast. Additionally, washroom1 wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate while uses Gray Wood_Grain for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom2 uses Blue Granite for floor as well as wall is Quartz and Yellow. washroom2 has 5 squares in north. Moreover, washroom3 is in east with 3 square meters. washroom3 floor is Earth_color Wood_Veneer while has Gray Wood_Grain wall. Besides, wall of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Blue, and has Red Cement_Board floor. balcony1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 uses Purple Ceramics for floor while has Red Wall_Cloth wall. livingroom1 is in south with 41 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 has Purple Stone_Brick floor, and has White Ceramics wall. kitchen1 has 5 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to washroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. washroom3 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color as well as has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. washroom1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in east. wall of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Orange, and uses White Stone_Brick for floor. In addition, study1 covers 16 square meters located in north. study1 wall is Black Rock_Plate while floor is Painted_Wood and Gray. bedroom1 is in south with 12 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Red as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Red. Additionally, kitchen1 has 17 squares in center. kitchen1 has Blue Wall_Cloth floor, and has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine wall. balcony1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. balcony1 has Pink Wood_Grain floor while has Red Ceramics wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, study1, bedroom1, balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to study1, bedroom1. balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. House has three washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color as well as uses Yellow Cement_Board for floor. washroom1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. Moreover, wall of washroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow, and has White Rock_Plate floor. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in north. washroom3 is in center with 2 square meters. washroom3 floor is Gray Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. Besides, livingroom1 has 28 squares in west. livingroom1 floor is Yellow Stone_Brick while has Red Wallpaper wall. Moreover, closet1 floor is Yellow Marble as well as wall is Wood_color Rock_Plate. closet1 has 4 squares in east. study1 has Purple Painted_Wood wall, and has Green Log floor. study1 has 8 squares in north. Besides, bedroom1 has Purple Coating wall while has Wood_color Stone_Brick floor. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Pink, and floor is Stone_Brick and Blue. bedroom2 has 9 squares in south. wall of kitchen1 is Granite and White while uses White Bamboo_Vine for floor. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. floor of balcony1 is Coating and Green as well as has Yellow Coating wall. balcony1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, closet1. study1 is adjacent to washroom1, closet1, washroom2, washroom3. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to closet1. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in southwest with 10 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Log as well as has Green Wallpaper wall. Moreover, bedroom2 has Blue Ceramics wall, and uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor. bedroom2 covers 6 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Pink Quartz as well as floor is Purple Marble. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in west. Besides, balcony1 has 5 squares in southeast. balcony1 has Pink Jade wall while uses Green Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 covers 22 square meters located in east. floor of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Orange as well as has Green Bamboo_Vine wall. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood, and wall is Black Wood_Grain. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of bedroom1 is Log and Purple as well as floor is Black Wallpaper. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in west. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has Blue Granite wall, and floor is Purple Marble. In addition, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. washroom1 has Pink Ceramics wall while has Blue Jade floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. balcony1 wall is Black Marble as well as floor is Black Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 has Red Painted_Wood wall, and uses Orange Marble for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. kitchen1 is in east with 9 square meters. kitchen1 uses Black Wood_Veneer for floor while has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in southeast with 15 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Granite and Earth_color as well as has White Painted_Wood floor. bedroom2 is in northwest with 11 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Coating, and floor is Wood_color Ceramics. wall of washroom1 is Ceramics and Yellow while has Green Wallpaper floor. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Coating and Wood_color as well as wall is Yellow Coating. balcony1 is in south with 5 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Green Wood_Grain, and floor is Stone_Brick and Green. livingroom1 is in center with 30 square meters. kitchen1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. kitchen1 has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as uses Green Quartz for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Yellow Jade as well as has Green Ceramic_Tile floor. In addition, wall of washroom2 is Rock_Plate and Wood_color while floor is Marble and Gray. washroom2 has 5 squares in north. livingroom1 covers 52 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Green Mosaic floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Blue. study1 covers 11 square meters located in west. study1 floor is Purple Stone_Brick, and has Yellow Coating wall. Moreover, bedroom1 has Red Wood_Veneer wall as well as has Orange Wood_Grain floor. bedroom1 is in northeast with 23 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 is in west with 12 square meters. bedroom2 uses Earth_color Coating for floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Gray. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Wood_color, and uses Orange Jade for floor. kitchen1 is in southwest with 8 square meters. In addition, balcony1 covers 9 square meters located in east. floor of balcony1 is Granite and Earth_color while wall is Pink Painted_Wood. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to study1, washroom2. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 is in center with 3 square meters. washroom1 has Yellow Granite wall, and floor is Painted_Wood and Wood_color. livingroom1 floor is Purple Wallpaper while has Red Ceramics wall. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. Additionally, study1 is in west with 8 square meters. study1 wall is Orange Marble, and floor is Marble and Wood_color. wall of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Wood_color as well as floor is Cement_Board and Wood_color. bedroom1 has 12 squares in east. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and Yellow, and has Blue Ceramics floor. bedroom2 has 8 squares in center. wall of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Purple as well as uses Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in west. balcony1 has 5 squares in east. balcony1 floor is Gray Pure_Color_Wood, and has Red Jade wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Blue as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. floor of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Green, and wall is Coating and Earth_color. bedroom3 has Black Wood_Grain floor while wall is Pink Granite. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Earth_color Granite wall as well as floor is Log and Purple. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. In addition, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 uses Earth_color Ceramic_Tile for floor while has Gray Bamboo_Vine wall. balcony2 wall is Yellow Coating, and floor is Log and Yellow. balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. livingroom1 uses White Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Wood_Grain and Purple. Moreover, kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. kitchen1 uses Blue Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as has Yellow Mosaic wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, wall of washroom1 is Jade and Yellow, and floor is Mosaic and Pink. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in east. livingroom1 has Wood_color Ceramics wall while uses Yellow Stone_Brick for floor. storage1 has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall as well as uses Pink Jade for floor. storage1 covers 3 square meters located in west. bedroom1 wall is Wood_color Cement_Board, and floor is Earth_color Coating. bedroom1 is in southwest with 15 square meters. In addition, wall of bedroom2 is Marble and Purple while uses Blue Marble for floor. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in south. bedroom3 uses Green Coating for floor as well as wall is Black Stone_Brick. bedroom3 has 10 squares in northwest. Additionally, kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Wallpaper while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. balcony1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. balcony1 uses Purple Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, storage1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, storage1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, storage1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom1 has Red Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. bedroom2 has Black Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Green Wood_Grain. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. floor of bedroom3 is Wallpaper and Orange while wall is Granite and Orange. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. Additionally, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 has Black Rock_Plate wall, and floor is Orange Wall_Cloth. floor of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Purple as well as wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. Moreover, floor of balcony2 is Mosaic and Wood_color while wall is Coating and Purple. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. livingroom1 has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall as well as uses Red Quartz for floor. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. kitchen1 wall is Pink Jade, and has Gray Stone_Brick floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 has Gray Stone_Brick wall as well as has Pink Bamboo_Vine floor. livingroom1 wall is Blue Jade while uses Blue Rock_Plate for floor. livingroom1 has 29 squares in west. study1 has 7 squares in south. floor of study1 is Ceramic_Tile and Green, and wall is Marble and Black. bedroom1 has 12 squares in northeast. bedroom1 uses Pink Wallpaper for floor while has Black Quartz wall. wall of bedroom2 is Marble and Black as well as floor is Blue Painted_Wood. bedroom2 is in north with 10 square meters. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in south. kitchen1 has Purple Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Rock_Plate and Blue. Moreover, balcony1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. balcony1 floor is Pink Coating as well as wall is Log and White. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 wall is Green Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Pink. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. In addition, bedroom2 has Purple Granite floor, and wall is Green Coating. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. Besides, bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. bedroom3 wall is Yellow Wood_Grain while floor is Mosaic and Purple. Additionally, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 wall is Black Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Earth_color Granite. In addition, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 has Orange Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Gray Stone_Brick. Moreover, livingroom1 floor is Black Wallpaper as well as has Red Bamboo_Vine wall. livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color, and has Blue Rock_Plate floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Yellow Bamboo_Vine wall, and has Orange Stone_Brick floor. bedroom1 is in east with 12 square meters. bedroom2 is in west with 8 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Log and White while has Orange Coating floor. In addition, washroom1 floor is Orange Stone_Brick as well as wall is Log and Orange. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. Additionally, balcony1 is in west with 2 square meters. balcony1 wall is Black Wallpaper while floor is White Quartz. livingroom1 wall is Red Coating as well as uses Purple Bamboo_Vine for floor. livingroom1 covers 14 square meters located in center. Besides, livingroom2 floor is Orange Painted_Wood while wall is Wall_Cloth and Green. livingroom2 has 14 squares in east. Moreover, kitchen1 has 4 squares in west. kitchen1 has Black Jade wall as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. livingroom1 is adjacent to livingroom2, bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. livingroom2 is next to bedroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. In practice, washroom1 uses Orange Jade for floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is in west with 45 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Granite and Black, and wall is Stone_Brick and Purple. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Purple while floor is Green Wallpaper. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color as well as floor is Wood_color Quartz. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 wall is Green Cement_Board, and floor is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1 has 22 squares in southeast. In addition, bedroom2 has 19 squares in south. bedroom2 floor is Green Wood_Grain while wall is Pink Log. wall of bedroom3 is Log and Wood_color as well as floor is Black Wallpaper. bedroom3 has 12 squares in northeast. Moreover, washroom1 uses Pink Log for floor while wall is Marble and White. washroom1 covers 9 square meters located in east. In addition, washroom2 is in north with 5 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Granite and Earth_color, and floor is Mosaic and Pink. balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. balcony1 wall is Purple Wall_Cloth as well as has Blue Mosaic floor. livingroom1 covers 54 square meters located in west. livingroom1 wall is Pink Ceramics while floor is Orange Painted_Wood. kitchen1 has Yellow Jade wall, and floor is Jade and Pink. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2. House has one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has Gray Coating floor, and has Pink Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom1 has 3 squares in south. balcony1 has 6 squares in north. wall of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color while has Purple Ceramic_Tile floor. livingroom1 has Blue Stone_Brick wall, and has Red Wallpaper floor. livingroom1 covers 23 square meters located in center. kitchen1 is in center with 4 square meters. kitchen1 has Purple Wallpaper floor while wall is Cement_Board and Wood_color. balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom1 has Orange Rock_Plate wall, and floor is Orange Wall_Cloth. In addition, bedroom2 floor is Orange Painted_Wood as well as wall is Quartz and Yellow. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. bedroom3 has Green Log floor, and wall is Marble and Blue. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom1 wall is Yellow Ceramic_Tile as well as uses Wood_color Granite for floor. wall of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple while floor is Cement_Board and Gray. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. Moreover, balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. balcony2 has Gray Ceramics wall as well as floor is White Wallpaper. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Blue Wood_Veneer while has Red Granite wall. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. kitchen1 wall is White Stone_Brick as well as floor is Wood_color Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. washroom1 wall is Black Coating as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Gray. In addition, bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom1 uses Gray Quartz for floor while has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall. livingroom1 has 32 squares in west. floor of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Green, and has Orange Wood_Veneer wall. Additionally, balcony1 is in south with 4 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Gray as well as has Yellow Quartz wall. bedroom1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Orange Stone_Brick wall, and uses Red Marble for floor. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray as well as has Gray Coating floor. bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. bedroom3 has Green Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Green Wall_Cloth. washroom1 floor is Red Bamboo_Vine while wall is Red Log. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 has Purple Quartz floor as well as has Orange Wood_Grain wall. balcony2 floor is Black Painted_Wood while has Orange Mosaic wall. balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. livingroom1 has White Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Green Wall_Cloth. floor of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange, and wall is Coating and Black. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. House has two washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Log and Black, and floor is Marble and Green. washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 wall is Blue Wallpaper while floor is Marble and White. washroom2 has 5 squares in north. study1 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. floor of study1 is Mosaic and Pink, and wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 wall is Blue Wallpaper while floor is Ceramics and Yellow. bedroom1 has 13 squares in northeast. Moreover, bedroom2 floor is Yellow Wallpaper, and has Blue Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom2 has 9 squares in southeast. livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is White Wood_Veneer as well as uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor. kitchen1 has 5 squares in west. kitchen1 uses Blue Mosaic for floor, and wall is Gray Stone_Brick. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom2. kitchen1, washroom2 and study1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom1 uses Black Bamboo_Vine for floor, and has Earth_color Wallpaper wall. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom1 wall is Gray Quartz while floor is Wall_Cloth and Red. In addition, bedroom2 floor is Black Rock_Plate as well as wall is Wood_Grain and White. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. floor of bedroom3 is Wood_Grain and Yellow while has Black Coating wall. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Green Cement_Board as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in center. Besides, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. floor of kitchen1 is Marble and Earth_color while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Black. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, bedroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom3 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in northwest with 14 square meters. bedroom1 has Pink Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Pink Ceramics. bedroom2 has 11 squares in south. floor of bedroom2 is Granite and Red while wall is Mosaic and Blue. In addition, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 uses Gray Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Black Coating. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 wall is Black Wood_Veneer while uses Gray Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Mosaic, and floor is Green Cement_Board. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 8 squares in northeast. kitchen1 wall is Pink Ceramics while has White Jade floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 uses Blue Wood_Grain for floor as well as has White Wallpaper wall. bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom2 has Earth_color Rock_Plate wall while floor is Wall_Cloth and Purple. Moreover, bedroom3 wall is White Bamboo_Vine as well as floor is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. Additionally, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom1 wall is Black Quartz, and floor is Coating and Yellow. In addition, balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 uses Wood_color Wallpaper for floor while wall is Granite and Pink. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Black, and uses Black Marble for floor. Besides, wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Purple as well as has White Marble floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in east with 29 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and White as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Black. bedroom2 has Green Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Orange Marble. bedroom2 is in west with 17 square meters. washroom1 has 6 squares in west. washroom1 floor is Pink Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Green Rock_Plate. Additionally, balcony1 has Yellow Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is Blue Mosaic. balcony1 is in north with 12 square meters. Besides, balcony2 is in west with 5 square meters. balcony2 has Red Rock_Plate floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 54 square meters. livingroom1 has Black Quartz floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Earth_color. In addition, kitchen1 is in southwest with 10 square meters. kitchen1 has Red Log floor while wall is Marble and Orange. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. washroom1, balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to balcony2. The house plan has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in center. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Pink as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. washroom1 is in west with 3 square meters. washroom1 floor is Gray Wall_Cloth, and has Green Painted_Wood wall. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in east. wall of balcony1 is Jade and Wood_color as well as floor is Cement_Board and White. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Gray Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Green Wallpaper. livingroom1 is in center with 38 square meters. In addition, floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray while wall is Wood_Veneer and Red. kitchen1 has 7 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 wall is Green Wood_Grain as well as has White Marble floor. bedroom1 is in northwest with 22 square meters. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple while has Red Granite floor. bedroom2 is in west with 13 square meters. bedroom3 has Black Granite wall as well as uses Pink Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom3 has 12 squares in center. Besides, washroom1 is in north with 7 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Purple, and has Pink Log wall. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in center. floor of washroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color as well as has Orange Log wall. balcony1 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. floor of balcony1 is Wallpaper and Black while has Wood_color Marble wall. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in south. livingroom1 uses Earth_color Granite for floor as well as has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall. Besides, floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Green, and wall is Wallpaper and Black. kitchen1 has 18 squares in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 17 squares in south. bedroom1 wall is White Wood_Veneer, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Purple while floor is Log and Purple. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Wallpaper and Yellow, and wall is Jade and Pink. balcony1 has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor while wall is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. Besides, wall of livingroom1 is Log and Wood_color as well as floor is Wood_Grain and White. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. kitchen1 uses Blue Quartz for floor while has Yellow Bamboo_Vine wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in south with 18 square meters. bedroom1 has Orange Log floor, and has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall. In addition, bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Jade while has Purple Log floor. bedroom3 has Red Ceramic_Tile floor as well as has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom3 is in east with 8 square meters. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. wall of washroom1 is Log and Red, and floor is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. balcony1 floor is Orange Coating as well as has Gray Granite wall. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. Besides, livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Gray Log wall while floor is White Ceramics. Additionally, kitchen1 uses Pink Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Blue. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 wall is Gray Pure_Color_Wood, and has Green Rock_Plate floor. bedroom1 has 16 squares in northeast. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Orange as well as has Green Bamboo_Vine floor. bedroom2 has 16 squares in east. Besides, bedroom3 has 15 squares in southeast. wall of bedroom3 is Marble and Earth_color, and uses Red Painted_Wood for floor. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow while floor is Stone_Brick and Green. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. Moreover, floor of washroom2 is Log and Earth_color as well as wall is Black Stone_Brick. washroom2 has 2 squares in west. Besides, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in east. balcony1 floor is White Wall_Cloth while has Blue Marble wall. In addition, floor of balcony2 is Marble and Earth_color as well as wall is Wallpaper and Yellow. balcony2 is in southeast with 5 square meters. livingroom1 covers 45 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has White Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Cement_Board and White. Besides, kitchen1 has Black Granite wall as well as floor is Jade and Red. kitchen1 has 7 squares in northwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom3, balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to balcony2. washroom1, washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony1 is next to balcony2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, three washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 wall is Red Marble, and floor is Purple Wall_Cloth. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in west. In addition, bedroom2 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Gray Wood_Grain while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Gray. Additionally, floor of bedroom3 is Pure_Color_Wood and Green as well as wall is Granite and Earth_color. bedroom3 has 10 squares in northwest. washroom1 uses White Cement_Board for floor while has Purple Wood_Veneer wall. washroom1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 has 3 squares in north. washroom2 has Blue Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Coating and Wood_color. Besides, washroom3 has Red Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Orange. washroom3 is in center with 2 square meters. Moreover, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 floor is Wood_color Coating, and wall is Painted_Wood and Purple. Additionally, balcony2 is in north with 3 square meters. balcony2 uses Black Bamboo_Vine for floor while has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall. livingroom1 is in east with 36 square meters. livingroom1 uses Gray Ceramics for floor as well as wall is Red Mosaic. Besides, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 floor is Blue Stone_Brick while wall is Rock_Plate and White. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2, balcony2, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. balcony2, washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, and one balcony. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Black, and floor is Blue Rock_Plate. washroom1 is in south with 2 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Red Mosaic as well as uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor. livingroom1 has 22 squares in center. In addition, corridor1 wall is Wood_color Wall_Cloth, and floor is Purple Pure_Color_Wood. corridor1 covers 2 square meters located in south. Moreover, balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in north. balcony1 uses Red Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Mosaic and Green. livingroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, corridor1, washroom1. washroom1 and corridor1 are connected. House has three washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, floor of washroom1 is Coating and Orange as well as wall is Orange Quartz. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom2 uses Wood_color Quartz for floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color. washroom2 has 5 squares in north. Moreover, wall of washroom3 is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray, and has Orange Jade floor. washroom3 is in center with 2 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in south. livingroom1 has Wood_color Granite wall while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange. Additionally, study1 uses Blue Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and has Gray Pure_Color_Wood wall. study1 is in southwest with 11 square meters. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 has Black Marble wall while uses White Pure_Color_Wood for floor. bedroom2 is in northwest with 11 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Orange as well as has Orange Marble floor. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in east. bedroom3 wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine while floor is Red Cement_Board. kitchen1 is in west with 7 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and White as well as has Wood_color Wood_Veneer floor. In addition, balcony1 has 7 squares in southeast. balcony1 uses White Ceramics for floor, and wall is Earth_color Wallpaper. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. balcony1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom3 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 floor is Red Painted_Wood as well as has Purple Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in east. bedroom2 wall is Red Ceramics, and floor is Gray Wall_Cloth. In addition, washroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. washroom1 wall is Purple Quartz as well as uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor. Additionally, balcony1 has Red Ceramic_Tile wall while has Purple Cement_Board floor. balcony1 is in east with 3 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Blue Quartz as well as floor is Coating and Yellow. livingroom1 has 32 squares in west. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in south. kitchen1 has Green Coating floor, and wall is Red Quartz. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Yellow as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Blue. bedroom1 is in northwest with 17 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 has 10 squares in west. bedroom2 has Yellow Jade wall while floor is Jade and Wood_color. bedroom3 has 9 squares in east. wall of bedroom3 is Painted_Wood and Purple as well as has Black Stone_Brick floor. Besides, washroom1 floor is Blue Log while has Gray Jade wall. washroom1 has 5 squares in east. In addition, wall of washroom2 is Granite and Purple, and uses Black Wallpaper for floor. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. Besides, wall of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Purple while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. balcony2 uses White Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Earth_color Cement_Board. balcony2 is in east with 3 square meters. livingroom1 has 34 squares in south. wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Blue while uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor. kitchen1 floor is Pink Wood_Grain, and has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2, balcony2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony2. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Gray Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Painted_Wood and Wood_color. washroom2 uses Pink Wood_Veneer for floor while has Black Quartz wall. washroom2 is in northeast with 4 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 is in west with 31 square meters. livingroom1 uses Yellow Coating for floor, and has Black Cement_Board wall. Moreover, study1 is in northeast with 10 square meters. wall of study1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow as well as floor is Yellow Wall_Cloth. Additionally, bedroom1 has 19 squares in east. bedroom1 has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Blue Mosaic. bedroom2 uses Black Quartz for floor as well as wall is Wood_color Wallpaper. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. kitchen1 floor is White Coating while has White Log wall. Moreover, balcony1 has 6 squares in southeast. floor of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow, and wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood. balcony2 floor is Earth_color Wood_Grain as well as has Black Bamboo_Vine wall. balcony2 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom1. bedroom2, study1, balcony1, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 17 squares in east. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Earth_color, and uses Black Ceramic_Tile for floor. bedroom2 has 60 squares in east. floor of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Purple while has Gray Stone_Brick wall. bedroom3 covers 60 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom3 is Pure_Color_Wood and Green as well as floor is Coating and Red. wall of washroom1 is Ceramics and Green, and uses Earth_color Log for floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. In addition, washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in west. washroom2 uses White Marble for floor while has Gray Granite wall. floor of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Black as well as has Earth_color Quartz wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in east. Moreover, balcony2 has 5 squares in east. floor of balcony2 is Wood_Grain and Purple while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 60 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Purple, and floor is White Wallpaper. Additionally, kitchen1 wall is White Log as well as has Black Wall_Cloth floor. kitchen1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1, balcony2, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. balcony2 and balcony1 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in north with 13 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Green Wallpaper as well as wall is Granite and Black. bedroom2 has Gray Stone_Brick wall while uses Wood_color Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in southeast. In addition, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom1 wall is Wood_color Mosaic as well as floor is Earth_color Rock_Plate. balcony1 has 7 squares in north. balcony1 floor is Earth_color Wall_Cloth, and has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall. livingroom1 floor is Black Granite while wall is Mosaic and Wood_color. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in center. Additionally, kitchen1 has White Wall_Cloth wall as well as uses Wood_color Stone_Brick for floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has Pink Log floor as well as wall is Yellow Ceramics. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom2 has 4 squares in southeast. wall of washroom2 is Cement_Board and Purple while uses Red Wall_Cloth for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 26 square meters. livingroom1 wall is White Wood_Veneer, and has Gray Coating floor. In addition, study1 wall is Green Rock_Plate while uses Earth_color Cement_Board for floor. study1 covers 6 square meters located in east. bedroom1 wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood, and has Red Rock_Plate floor. bedroom1 has 13 squares in north. bedroom2 wall is Yellow Jade while floor is Pink Wood_Grain. bedroom2 is in northeast with 9 square meters. kitchen1 has 7 squares in southeast. kitchen1 wall is Red Rock_Plate as well as uses Black Pure_Color_Wood for floor. balcony1 wall is Pink Ceramics, and floor is Green Wood_Grain. balcony1 is in west with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to study1, washroom2. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 uses Wood_color Wall_Cloth for floor, and has Orange Wallpaper wall. washroom1 is in south with 3 square meters. livingroom1 has White Stone_Brick wall while floor is Mosaic and Red. livingroom1 has 33 squares in east. closet1 has 4 squares in west. closet1 floor is Yellow Painted_Wood, and wall is Earth_color Log. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom1 is Jade and Blue while floor is Purple Bamboo_Vine. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Gray Quartz, and wall is Ceramics and Earth_color. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in southwest. In addition, bedroom3 wall is Black Bamboo_Vine while has Black Stone_Brick floor. bedroom3 is in center with 9 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 is in south with 5 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Green Wood_Veneer, and uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor. balcony1 has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall as well as uses Gray Mosaic for floor. balcony1 covers 14 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, closet1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3, closet1. bedroom3 and balcony1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to closet1, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 wall is Yellow Log, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. bedroom1 is in east with 10 square meters. washroom1 has Black Ceramic_Tile wall while has Earth_color Log floor. washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Mosaic and White, and wall is Purple Wood_Grain. balcony1 has 4 squares in south. livingroom1 has 15 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Coating as well as has Pink Stone_Brick wall. kitchen1 has 5 squares in northwest. floor of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Purple, and has White Quartz wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one storage, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. washroom1 has Earth_color Coating wall, and floor is Red Wallpaper. In addition, washroom2 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom2 wall is Pink Wallpaper while floor is Quartz and Green. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood, and uses Blue Rock_Plate for floor. livingroom1 has 39 squares in center. storage1 is in center with 3 square meters. storage1 has Green Jade wall as well as floor is Gray Wood_Grain. bedroom1 wall is Red Quartz, and floor is White Cement_Board. bedroom1 has 17 squares in west. bedroom2 is in west with 11 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Coating and Orange as well as has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor. Additionally, bedroom3 floor is Orange Rock_Plate, and wall is Ceramics and Pink. bedroom3 is in east with 10 square meters. kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. kitchen1 has Wood_color Cement_Board wall while floor is Log and White. balcony1 has 3 squares in west. balcony1 has Black Stone_Brick floor, and has Yellow Quartz wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, storage1. bedroom2, washroom2, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, storage1. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 floor is Black Log as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Gray. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in west. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in east. bedroom2 uses White Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Blue Wallpaper. Additionally, bedroom3 has White Ceramic_Tile floor while has Wood_color Cement_Board wall. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in center. washroom1 has 6 squares in north. washroom1 floor is Pink Cement_Board, and has Black Mosaic wall. Moreover, balcony1 has 7 squares in west. balcony1 has Earth_color Mosaic wall as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Red. Besides, livingroom1 has 41 squares in center. livingroom1 has Purple Marble wall while floor is Wood_Veneer and Green. Additionally, kitchen1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. kitchen1 uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor, and has Blue Pure_Color_Wood wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom3, kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 11 squares in north. bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Cement_Board, and uses Orange Pure_Color_Wood for floor. Moreover, bedroom2 is in center with 10 square meters. bedroom2 has Gray Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as has Orange Wall_Cloth wall. washroom1 has Orange Painted_Wood wall, and has Red Granite floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 wall is Pink Mosaic while floor is Yellow Granite. balcony1 has 5 squares in north. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 34 square meters. livingroom1 has Purple Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. wall of kitchen1 is Marble and Pink while floor is White Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 is in south with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. kitchen1 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has 7 squares in northwest. wall of washroom1 is Log and Orange as well as floor is Black Marble. Additionally, study1 uses Pink Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. study1 has 13 squares in southwest. bedroom1 covers 20 square meters located in south. bedroom1 uses Blue Quartz for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Green. Besides, floor of bedroom2 is Granite and Red as well as wall is Yellow Wall_Cloth. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in north. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Green Ceramics wall while uses White Coating for floor. Moreover, kitchen1 floor is Blue Jade as well as wall is Pink Wood_Grain. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 4 squares in southeast. washroom1 has Pink Ceramic_Tile floor as well as has Orange Wood_Grain wall. Moreover, livingroom1 uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor, and has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall. livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. study1 has 11 squares in southwest. study1 wall is Green Cement_Board as well as floor is Pink Painted_Wood. Besides, storage1 wall is Yellow Wallpaper, and floor is Purple Wood_Grain. storage1 covers 3 square meters located in southeast. Moreover, bedroom1 has 11 squares in northeast. wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Black while uses Black Quartz for floor. bedroom2 covers 7 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has Purple Rock_Plate floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and Yellow. kitchen1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. kitchen1 has Yellow Ceramics wall, and floor is Green Painted_Wood. balcony1 wall is Purple Rock_Plate while has Blue Jade floor. balcony1 has 5 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to study1, bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, storage1. storage1 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink, and wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in west. Additionally, floor of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Pink while wall is Quartz and Gray. bedroom1 has 9 squares in west. bedroom2 is in center with 8 square meters. bedroom2 uses Wood_color Marble for floor as well as has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom3 has 7 squares in west. bedroom3 floor is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Gray Wood_Grain. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Green as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Gray. livingroom1 has 27 squares in center. balcony1 has 5 squares in east. balcony1 uses Black Rock_Plate for floor while wall is Purple Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple as well as uses Green Coating for floor. washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. livingroom1 covers 20 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color while floor is Green Cement_Board. bedroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Orange Wallpaper as well as floor is Jade and White. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom2 floor is Green Jade, and has Gray Jade wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 21 squares in southeast. bedroom1 has Gray Log floor, and has Purple Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom2 is in northeast with 13 square meters. bedroom2 has Black Mosaic wall while has Earth_color Wood_Grain floor. floor of washroom1 is Granite and Yellow, and has Blue Mosaic wall. washroom1 has 10 squares in east. balcony1 has Red Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Mosaic and White. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in north. livingroom1 has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile wall while has White Quartz floor. livingroom1 has 47 squares in west. floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Purple, and wall is Earth_color Wood_Grain. kitchen1 has 18 squares in northwest. bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2, balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. House has one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Quartz and Green. washroom1 has 7 squares in southwest. In addition, balcony1 has 7 squares in north. balcony1 has Yellow Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Purple Rock_Plate. Additionally, livingroom1 has Blue Cement_Board floor while wall is Quartz and Blue. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. Besides, kitchen1 has Orange Granite floor, and has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. kitchen1 is in west with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1, kitchen1. The building contains one washroom, two livingrooms, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 has Gray Coating wall, and floor is White Granite. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow as well as uses Green Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. livingroom2 has 10 squares in west. livingroom2 floor is Gray Mosaic while wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood. closet1 wall is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood, and uses Earth_color Ceramics for floor. closet1 has 4 squares in south. study1 has Gray Ceramics wall as well as floor is Orange Stone_Brick. study1 covers 8 square meters located in south. Moreover, bedroom1 floor is Gray Stone_Brick, and has Red Painted_Wood wall. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in southeast. Besides, bedroom2 has Earth_color Wallpaper wall while has White Jade floor. bedroom2 is in southwest with 14 square meters. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 has Orange Rock_Plate wall, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Pink. wall of balcony1 is Coating and Purple as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Red. balcony1 is in south with 7 square meters. In addition, balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. balcony2 wall is Pink Jade while uses Wood_color Wall_Cloth for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1. study1, balcony1, closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, balcony1, washroom1, closet1. kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to closet1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. closet1 and balcony1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 8 squares in west. bedroom1 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Purple Log. bedroom2 has Green Wallpaper floor while wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer. bedroom2 has 7 squares in north. washroom1 has 3 squares in east. washroom1 wall is Red Ceramics, and floor is Black Stone_Brick. floor of balcony1 is Jade and Green while has Orange Bamboo_Vine wall. balcony1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in west. wall of balcony2 is Wallpaper and Orange, and has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Quartz and Purple while uses Black Ceramic_Tile for floor. livingroom1 is in south with 28 square meters. kitchen1 is in east with 4 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Pink Wallpaper, and has Yellow Jade wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony2. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. balcony1 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 floor is Gray Mosaic, and wall is Orange Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple while has Green Painted_Wood wall. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. Moreover, bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom3 uses Red Wall_Cloth for floor as well as has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall. In addition, floor of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Purple while has Gray Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. Additionally, balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 has Red Mosaic wall, and uses Wood_color Log for floor. balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. wall of balcony2 is Ceramics and Yellow while floor is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. In addition, livingroom1 uses Gray Rock_Plate for floor, and has Earth_color Mosaic wall. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has Earth_color Coating wall as well as has Black Wood_Grain floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 has Earth_color Coating floor as well as wall is Yellow Wood_Grain. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in east. washroom2 wall is Black Wood_Grain, and has Red Cement_Board floor. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine while has Purple Wood_Grain wall. livingroom1 has 38 squares in west. Moreover, study1 is in north with 8 square meters. floor of study1 is Stone_Brick and Orange, and has White Coating wall. Besides, bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom1 has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood floor while has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom2 has Orange Rock_Plate floor as well as wall is White Wall_Cloth. bedroom2 is in south with 14 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. kitchen1 has Pink Wallpaper floor, and has Purple Granite wall. Additionally, balcony1 has 8 squares in southwest. balcony1 wall is Wood_color Jade while uses Green Cement_Board for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, study1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom2, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one bedroom, one washroom, two balconys, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in east with 22 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and White, and has Purple Granite wall. Additionally, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 wall is Purple Mosaic as well as uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor. Moreover, balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 wall is White Painted_Wood while floor is Ceramics and Yellow. balcony2 has Red Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Wallpaper and Earth_color. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in east. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Wood_Grain while floor is White Rock_Plate. Besides, livingroom2 is in west with 22 square meters. floor of livingroom2 is Rock_Plate and Yellow, and wall is Red Mosaic. kitchen1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Yellow Granite as well as floor is Quartz and Orange. livingroom1 is adjacent to livingroom2, bedroom1, balcony1, washroom1. livingroom2 is next to bedroom1, kitchen1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 16 squares in east. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Orange, and floor is Pink Marble. Additionally, floor of bedroom2 is Quartz and Purple as well as has Wood_color Jade wall. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in south. In addition, bedroom3 has Pink Jade wall, and floor is Wood_color Wall_Cloth. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in center. Additionally, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in center. washroom1 floor is Orange Quartz while wall is Orange Granite. Besides, balcony1 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Gray Mosaic. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in northwest. floor of balcony2 is Mosaic and Gray, and wall is Wood_color Mosaic. balcony2 is in east with 6 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 has Pink Jade floor as well as wall is Coating and Gray. livingroom1 has 29 squares in west. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in west. kitchen1 uses Blue Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Purple Cement_Board. kitchen1, livingroom1 and balcony1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony2, livingroom1, bedroom3. bedroom2 and balcony2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to livingroom1. livingroom1, bedroom3 and washroom1 are connected. livingroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. Building layout contains three washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and three balconys. More specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in west. washroom1 floor is Pink Stone_Brick as well as has Black Ceramics wall. In addition, floor of washroom2 is Ceramics and Gray, and has Gray Ceramics wall. washroom2 has 3 squares in center. washroom3 is in center with 2 square meters. wall of washroom3 is Painted_Wood and Orange as well as floor is Gray Marble. Additionally, floor of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Orange while has Earth_color Ceramics wall. livingroom1 covers 40 square meters located in center. Moreover, study1 has Yellow Jade wall, and floor is Red Wood_Grain. study1 has 7 squares in northeast. wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Gray while floor is Rock_Plate and Green. bedroom1 has 16 squares in west. Additionally, bedroom2 has Green Rock_Plate wall as well as uses Red Stone_Brick for floor. bedroom2 is in southwest with 10 square meters. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in south. floor of bedroom3 is Ceramics and Wood_color, and has Purple Wallpaper wall. floor of kitchen1 is Rock_Plate and White while wall is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. kitchen1 has 8 squares in southeast. Besides, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in north. balcony1 uses Yellow Cement_Board for floor, and has Purple Wood_Veneer wall. Moreover, balcony2 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. balcony2 has Blue Bamboo_Vine floor while has Red Wallpaper wall. Additionally, balcony3 has 4 squares in south. wall of balcony3 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow, and has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, study1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony2, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, washroom1. balcony3, washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony3, washroom2. study1 is next to balcony1. balcony3 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Orange as well as floor is Ceramics and Yellow. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in west. In addition, bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 has White Ceramic_Tile wall, and floor is Stone_Brick and Yellow. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. washroom1 floor is Wood_color Jade as well as has Black Wall_Cloth wall. balcony1 floor is Gray Wood_Grain while wall is Earth_color Wood_Grain. balcony1 has 6 squares in north. balcony2 covers 6 square meters located in north. wall of balcony2 is Rock_Plate and Gray, and has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor. livingroom1 has 33 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor while wall is Yellow Log. kitchen1 wall is Red Stone_Brick, and floor is Painted_Wood and Red. kitchen1 has 7 squares in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. balcony2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony1 is next to balcony2. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has Orange Granite floor as well as has Yellow Marble wall. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom2 has 4 squares in west. washroom2 has Yellow Painted_Wood floor, and has Orange Painted_Wood wall. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Earth_color Wallpaper wall as well as uses Purple Marble for floor. Moreover, study1 is in north with 10 square meters. wall of study1 is Mosaic and Earth_color while floor is Blue Coating. In addition, bedroom1 has 15 squares in south. bedroom1 wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine as well as floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 floor is Yellow Ceramic_Tile while wall is Painted_Wood and Yellow. bedroom2 has 11 squares in northwest. Moreover, kitchen1 floor is Orange Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and White. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. Besides, balcony1 has Red Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is White Stone_Brick. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue as well as has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in west. livingroom1 floor is Yellow Painted_Wood while wall is Mosaic and White. livingroom1 covers 54 square meters located in center. In addition, corridor1 covers 1 square meters located in west. corridor1 wall is Black Painted_Wood, and has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom1 has Yellow Cement_Board wall as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. bedroom1 has 9 squares in west. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in west. floor of kitchen1 is Rock_Plate and White while has Purple Quartz wall. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Mosaic, and floor is Earth_color Stone_Brick. balcony1 has 3 squares in west. bedroom1, kitchen1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1, corridor1. washroom1, corridor1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to corridor1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in northeast with 13 square meters. bedroom1 has Purple Log floor, and wall is Purple Mosaic. In addition, bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 wall is Red Ceramic_Tile as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Yellow. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. floor of bedroom3 is Mosaic and Orange while wall is Cement_Board and Gray. wall of washroom1 is Marble and Gray as well as uses Orange Mosaic for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. Additionally, balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in south. balcony1 has Red Marble wall while floor is Jade and Blue. Besides, livingroom1 wall is Purple Coating as well as floor is Marble and Yellow. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in center. kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Cement_Board while floor is Painted_Wood and Pink. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony1. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, one closet, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom1 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Gray. bedroom1 has 13 squares in west. bedroom1 wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile while has Red Quartz floor. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 uses Orange Cement_Board for floor as well as has Green Painted_Wood wall. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Purple Wallpaper, and uses Pink Wall_Cloth for floor. closet1 covers 3 square meters located in southwest. closet1 floor is Black Painted_Wood as well as wall is Mosaic and Blue. kitchen1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. kitchen1 uses Red Ceramics for floor, and wall is Orange Marble. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, closet1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to closet1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Purple, and has Red Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, bedroom2 has 10 squares in east. bedroom2 floor is White Log as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Yellow. washroom1 has Yellow Coating wall while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Additionally, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in west. balcony1 has Wood_color Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple while wall is White Ceramic_Tile. In addition, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. wall of kitchen1 is Jade and Green as well as floor is Orange Marble. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Granite and Orange as well as uses Pink Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom1 has 16 squares in northeast. Moreover, bedroom2 is in southwest with 13 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Red Marble, and has Blue Granite wall. Additionally, bedroom3 is in northwest with 11 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Blue Cement_Board while wall is Purple Coating. Moreover, washroom1 has Purple Wall_Cloth floor, and has Green Granite wall. washroom1 has 6 squares in north. Besides, washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom2 has Pink Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color. balcony1 uses Green Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Yellow. balcony1 is in east with 7 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 has 38 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Marble and Green while wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood. kitchen1 floor is Blue Wood_Veneer as well as has Red Wallpaper wall. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. kitchen1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Purple Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Black Cement_Board. bedroom1 is in south with 21 square meters. bedroom2 is in south with 15 square meters. bedroom2 has Earth_color Marble wall as well as floor is Wallpaper and Blue. bedroom3 has 12 squares in northeast. bedroom3 uses Gray Marble for floor, and has White Wallpaper wall. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in east. washroom1 has Red Bamboo_Vine wall as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. In addition, washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom2 has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Log and White. balcony1 has Blue Coating wall as well as floor is Orange Coating. balcony1 is in east with 11 square meters. Additionally, balcony2 covers 5 square meters located in south. balcony2 has Orange Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Marble and Pink. livingroom1 uses Black Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. livingroom1 is in center with 67 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Rock_Plate and Wood_color, and floor is Black Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 has 10 squares in northwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony2. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. balcony1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and White, and wall is Wood_Grain and Red. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. In addition, bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate as well as floor is Coating and Green. Moreover, bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. bedroom3 has Wood_color Mosaic floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Wood_color. floor of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Black while wall is Wallpaper and Purple. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Jade and Yellow as well as floor is Black Wallpaper. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Pink while uses Earth_color Marble for floor. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Coating and Green. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in west. bedroom1 wall is White Ceramic_Tile as well as floor is Mosaic and Yellow. Additionally, bedroom2 has Orange Log wall, and floor is Coating and Green. bedroom2 has 14 squares in west. In addition, washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. washroom1 uses Green Rock_Plate for floor while has Orange Wall_Cloth wall. Additionally, balcony1 uses Wood_color Marble for floor, and wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is in center with 17 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Mosaic as well as uses Purple Pure_Color_Wood for floor. livingroom2 floor is Blue Mosaic, and wall is Green Cement_Board. livingroom2 is in east with 7 square meters. Besides, floor of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Orange as well as wall is Earth_color Jade. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. bedroom2 is next to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 and livingroom2 are connected. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 wall is Yellow Wall_Cloth, and uses Pink Ceramics for floor. bedroom1 has 18 squares in southeast. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Coating and Earth_color as well as floor is Green Cement_Board. bedroom2 is in northeast with 12 square meters. Additionally, wall of bedroom3 is Mosaic and Pink, and floor is Coating and Gray. bedroom3 has 11 squares in northwest. washroom1 uses Red Jade for floor as well as wall is White Wallpaper. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. In addition, floor of washroom2 is Wallpaper and Purple, and has Black Rock_Plate wall. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in east. Moreover, floor of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. balcony1 is in south with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Pink Marble while uses Black Wallpaper for floor. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Purple, and floor is Wood_color Log. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom2. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. House has one washroom, one study, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. In practice, washroom1 has Pink Mosaic floor, and has Yellow Quartz wall. washroom1 has 5 squares in southeast. wall of study1 is Log and Gray as well as floor is Red Wallpaper. study1 has 7 squares in southeast. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 38 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Black Wallpaper, and wall is Gray Mosaic. In addition, wall of bedroom1 is Log and Black while floor is Wood_color Mosaic. bedroom1 has 11 squares in north. Moreover, bedroom2 has 10 squares in northeast. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange, and has Black Stone_Brick floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is next to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 uses White Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Granite and Yellow. bedroom1 has 13 squares in north. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 has Gray Marble floor as well as wall is Earth_color Stone_Brick. Additionally, washroom1 has Black Stone_Brick floor while wall is Orange Cement_Board. washroom1 is in east with 7 square meters. Moreover, balcony1 uses Orange Coating for floor, and has Green Jade wall. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in south. livingroom1 wall is Blue Granite while floor is Granite and Blue. In addition, kitchen1 has 5 squares in center. kitchen1 has Pink Granite floor, and wall is Quartz and Green. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in south with 11 square meters. bedroom1 has Black Mosaic wall as well as floor is Jade and Wood_color. bedroom2 has 8 squares in center. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile while has Earth_color Marble floor. washroom1 is in north with 3 square meters. washroom1 wall is Purple Quartz, and floor is Blue Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in south. balcony1 uses Purple Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as has Wood_color Cement_Board wall. livingroom1 has Yellow Bamboo_Vine wall, and has Blue Wood_Grain floor. livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 has White Cement_Board wall as well as has Pink Coating floor. kitchen1 has 4 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 wall is Black Wallpaper as well as has Blue Mosaic floor. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. Moreover, bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 has Earth_color Quartz floor, and wall is Mosaic and White. Besides, bedroom3 wall is Yellow Ceramics as well as has Purple Mosaic floor. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. In addition, washroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Veneer floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Orange. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Mosaic and White. floor of balcony2 is Rock_Plate and Yellow while wall is Earth_color Marble. balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Red as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and White. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. kitchen1 floor is Green Ceramics while has Earth_color Log wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom1 has Pink Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Yellow Log. Moreover, bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 has Blue Wallpaper floor, and has Purple Rock_Plate wall. In addition, bedroom3 uses Gray Granite for floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 floor is Orange Stone_Brick, and wall is Mosaic and Gray. floor of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and White as well as wall is Marble and Yellow. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. Additionally, balcony2 has Blue Wood_Veneer wall, and has White Painted_Wood floor. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. In addition, livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Orange as well as uses White Ceramics for floor. Additionally, kitchen1 has Gray Jade floor, and has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in southwest. washroom1 has Yellow Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Wallpaper and Orange. Moreover, bedroom1 floor is Pink Bamboo_Vine while wall is Earth_color Mosaic. bedroom1 is in east with 6 square meters. bedroom2 has 5 squares in southeast. bedroom2 wall is Yellow Wallpaper as well as floor is Yellow Rock_Plate. In addition, livingroom1 covers 17 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and White, and wall is Granite and Black. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in south. wall of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Orange as well as has Yellow Wood_Grain floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, one corridor, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of washroom1 is Wallpaper and White, and uses Wood_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in northeast. Additionally, wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Yellow while has Yellow Rock_Plate floor. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in north. bedroom2 has Blue Wallpaper wall as well as has White Coating floor. In addition, livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color, and wall is Red Ceramics. corridor1 is in east with 2 square meters. corridor1 floor is Purple Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Gray Quartz. Besides, kitchen1 wall is Red Cement_Board, and floor is Green Painted_Wood. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, corridor1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1, corridor1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, corridor1. corridor1 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, three washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 has Wood_color Quartz wall, and floor is Red Mosaic. Moreover, bedroom2 is in northeast with 10 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Pink Mosaic as well as has Pink Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom3 has 8 squares in northwest. bedroom3 wall is Earth_color Log, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Purple. Additionally, washroom1 uses Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as has Purple Wallpaper wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in center. floor of washroom2 is Rock_Plate and Pink, and wall is Log and Blue. Moreover, washroom3 has Green Marble floor while has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom3 covers 3 square meters located in east. balcony1 is in south with 5 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Ceramics and Purple, and has Orange Wood_Veneer wall. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Purple Bamboo_Vine for floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Purple. livingroom1 has 33 squares in center. In addition, kitchen1 uses Purple Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Pink Log. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom2, washroom3. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2, washroom3. washroom2 is next to washroom3. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Yellow Wood_Grain as well as has Black Ceramics floor. livingroom1 has 41 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Wood_color while has White Quartz floor. Moreover, study1 has Earth_color Marble wall as well as floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood. study1 has 6 squares in east. corridor1 covers 3 square meters located in center. corridor1 floor is Green Wall_Cloth while has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall. In addition, bedroom1 wall is Blue Wood_Veneer as well as has Orange Marble floor. bedroom1 covers 41 square meters located in south. bedroom2 has 7 squares in north. bedroom2 has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile floor while has Gray Painted_Wood wall. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. kitchen1 has Red Wallpaper wall, and uses Blue Rock_Plate for floor. Additionally, wall of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color as well as has Purple Ceramics floor. balcony1 has 5 squares in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, corridor1. kitchen1, washroom1, corridor1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to washroom1, corridor1. corridor1 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains four bedrooms, three washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 15 squares in west. bedroom1 wall is Black Stone_Brick as well as floor is Red Cement_Board. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is Black Ceramic_Tile while has White Ceramics floor. bedroom2 has 10 squares in southwest. In addition, bedroom3 is in south with 9 square meters. floor of bedroom3 is Bamboo_Vine and Red as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. bedroom4 covers 8 square meters located in southeast. bedroom4 has White Painted_Wood floor while has White Wall_Cloth wall. Additionally, washroom1 has 5 squares in southwest. washroom1 wall is Green Quartz, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Red. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in south. washroom2 has Green Rock_Plate wall while uses Green Wallpaper for floor. washroom3 wall is Purple Bamboo_Vine, and floor is Mosaic and Pink. washroom3 is in center with 2 square meters. balcony1 covers 10 square meters located in north. wall of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Black as well as uses Pink Jade for floor. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Black Marble while uses Yellow Ceramic_Tile for floor. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. floor of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Yellow, and has Gray Wall_Cloth wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, bedroom3, bedroom4, kitchen1, washroom3. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. balcony1 is next to kitchen1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom3 is next to bedroom4, washroom2, washroom3. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Quartz and Black, and floor is Gray Ceramics. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom2 is Coating and Pink as well as floor is Wallpaper and Blue. washroom1 has Green Wallpaper wall while floor is Marble and Gray. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in north. In addition, balcony1 uses Yellow Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and White, and floor is Green Log. livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in east. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 has Pink Painted_Wood floor as well as has Blue Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Yellow Marble wall as well as floor is Black Stone_Brick. livingroom1 has 28 squares in east. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Black while uses Orange Quartz for floor. bedroom1 has Red Jade wall as well as has Gray Cement_Board floor. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, one corridor, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. washroom1 wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile as well as uses Purple Stone_Brick for floor. bedroom1 is in southeast with 19 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Black Log while floor is Pink Rock_Plate. bedroom2 wall is Green Wood_Grain, and floor is Wallpaper and Pink. bedroom2 has 10 squares in east. Additionally, bedroom3 wall is Black Wall_Cloth as well as uses Purple Ceramic_Tile for floor. bedroom3 covers 3 square meters located in east. In addition, livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in west. livingroom1 wall is Red Ceramic_Tile while floor is Coating and Purple. Additionally, corridor1 has 4 squares in northwest. corridor1 has Blue Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Red Painted_Wood. In addition, kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has Red Coating floor as well as has Gray Wood_Grain wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, corridor1. bedroom2, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, bedroom3. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. corridor1 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in east. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Blue as well as floor is Blue Wood_Grain. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in north. bedroom2 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall, and floor is Stone_Brick and Gray. bedroom3 floor is Gray Cement_Board while has Gray Log wall. bedroom3 has 8 squares in southeast. washroom1 has Yellow Ceramics wall as well as has Purple Quartz floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. wall of balcony1 is Wallpaper and Wood_color while floor is Wood_Veneer and Gray. In addition, balcony2 has Black Cement_Board wall as well as floor is Wallpaper and Yellow. balcony2 is in south with 3 square meters. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Wood_color, and floor is Mosaic and Pink. livingroom1 has 31 squares in west. Besides, kitchen1 wall is Yellow Cement_Board while has Earth_color Rock_Plate floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. balcony2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Black Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Orange. bedroom1 floor is Black Jade while has Earth_color Rock_Plate wall. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom2 is Jade and Earth_color as well as floor is Ceramics and Orange. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in west. Additionally, livingroom1 has Purple Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Mosaic and Gray. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in east. balcony1 has 4 squares in west. balcony1 has Green Ceramics floor, and wall is Quartz and Yellow. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 floor is Orange Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Black while floor is Purple Marble. bedroom1 has 16 squares in west. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Yellow, and floor is Wood_Grain and Orange. livingroom1 has 17 squares in east. Besides, kitchen1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Yellow Stone_Brick while wall is Quartz and Orange. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Red as well as floor is White Wood_Grain. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, bedroom1 floor is White Marble, and wall is Orange Ceramics. bedroom1 is in east with 15 square meters. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Gray Mosaic floor as well as wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. Besides, balcony1 is in south with 19 square meters. balcony1 has Orange Wood_Grain floor while wall is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom1, washroom1. balcony1 is next to bedroom1. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Yellow. bedroom1 is in east with 19 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 floor is Orange Painted_Wood, and wall is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile. bedroom2 covers 17 square meters located in west. bedroom3 is in northeast with 13 square meters. bedroom3 uses Orange Jade for floor while has Blue Wallpaper wall. washroom1 uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor, and has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in north. floor of washroom2 is Wallpaper and Gray while wall is Gray Quartz. balcony1 has 9 squares in south. balcony1 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Purple Painted_Wood while wall is Red Painted_Wood. livingroom1 covers 49 square meters located in center. kitchen1 floor is Black Mosaic, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Purple. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Green Wallpaper wall, and floor is Ceramics and Green. bedroom1 has 12 squares in east. In addition, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 has Green Wood_Grain floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color. Additionally, washroom1 has Green Coating floor, and wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood. washroom1 has 5 squares in southwest. balcony1 wall is Blue Jade while floor is Granite and Gray. balcony1 is in northwest with 3 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 has 25 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Purple Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Quartz and Wood_color. kitchen1 uses Red Wood_Grain for floor as well as has Blue Painted_Wood wall. kitchen1 has 6 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Yellow Bamboo_Vine wall as well as floor is Ceramics and Wood_color. bedroom1 is in northwest with 16 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 has Red Wallpaper floor while wall is Mosaic and Gray. bedroom2 is in northeast with 11 square meters. In addition, wall of bedroom3 is Bamboo_Vine and Red as well as uses Gray Wood_Grain for floor. bedroom3 is in east with 10 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is White Ceramics while floor is Green Painted_Wood. washroom2 floor is Yellow Log as well as wall is Yellow Stone_Brick. washroom2 has 4 squares in south. In addition, balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in west. balcony1 has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall, and uses White Quartz for floor. livingroom1 uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor while has Purple Wood_Veneer wall. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has Wood_color Rock_Plate floor as well as has Black Quartz wall. kitchen1 is in southeast with 8 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Purple Bamboo_Vine floor as well as has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall. Moreover, washroom2 has Yellow Coating floor, and has Black Stone_Brick wall. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in center. Besides, livingroom1 uses Orange Jade for floor as well as wall is Marble and Black. livingroom1 is in east with 33 square meters. floor of study1 is Rock_Plate and Black while wall is Stone_Brick and Orange. study1 is in west with 14 square meters. wall of corridor1 is Painted_Wood and Earth_color, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. corridor1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 has Black Rock_Plate floor as well as wall is Coating and Black. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom2 floor is Yellow Quartz while wall is Painted_Wood and White. Additionally, kitchen1 has 10 squares in north. kitchen1 has Pink Cement_Board floor as well as has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall. balcony1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. balcony1 has Purple Log floor while has Orange Jade wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, corridor1, washroom1, washroom2. study1, bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. corridor1, washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Coating and Black. washroom1 has 5 squares in southwest. Additionally, bedroom1 has Purple Wall_Cloth floor, and has Red Marble wall. bedroom1 is in north with 11 square meters. bedroom2 has 11 squares in southeast. bedroom2 has Gray Coating wall while floor is Log and Blue. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Yellow, and floor is Stone_Brick and Yellow. In addition, kitchen1 has 8 squares in southwest. kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Cement_Board while floor is Blue Wallpaper. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. washroom1 floor is Gray Cement_Board as well as has White Mosaic wall. bedroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 floor is Yellow Granite while wall is Purple Marble. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Green Wood_Veneer, and has Pink Cement_Board wall. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. Besides, floor of livingroom1 is Coating and Yellow as well as wall is Wallpaper and Purple. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. kitchen1 has Orange Wallpaper floor while has Black Wood_Grain wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall, and uses Earth_color Wood_Grain for floor. washroom1 is in center with 5 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Green Jade while has Blue Rock_Plate wall. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. Additionally, study1 has Orange Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Orange Rock_Plate. study1 has 9 squares in west. bedroom1 has Black Log wall as well as floor is Granite and Black. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in east. Moreover, bedroom2 has Blue Granite floor, and wall is Log and Orange. bedroom2 is in center with 12 square meters. kitchen1 uses Wood_color Painted_Wood for floor as well as has Yellow Ceramic_Tile wall. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in west. balcony1 is in east with 7 square meters. balcony1 floor is Orange Ceramics, and wall is Coating and Wood_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to kitchen1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 21 squares in south. bedroom1 floor is Pink Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Orange Stone_Brick. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 has White Mosaic wall while uses Green Wall_Cloth for floor. Moreover, bedroom3 wall is Yellow Log as well as floor is Granite and Black. bedroom3 is in south with 10 square meters. Additionally, washroom1 floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood while wall is Blue Stone_Brick. washroom1 is in north with 52 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in center. washroom2 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor, and has Black Mosaic wall. Additionally, wall of balcony1 is Jade and Earth_color while has Earth_color Rock_Plate floor. balcony1 has 8 squares in east. Besides, balcony2 has 6 squares in south. wall of balcony2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red as well as floor is Quartz and White. Moreover, floor of livingroom1 is Marble and Gray, and has Green Quartz wall. livingroom1 has 52 squares in center. Additionally, kitchen1 uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Jade and Wood_color. kitchen1 has 12 squares in northwest. bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, washroom1, balcony2, washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. balcony1 is next to washroom1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor as well as has Green Cement_Board wall. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in east. livingroom1 has Gray Jade wall, and floor is Jade and Red. floor of study1 is Painted_Wood and Gray as well as has Earth_color Marble wall. study1 is in west with 7 square meters. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 floor is Orange Wall_Cloth while has Red Coating wall. In addition, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in south. floor of bedroom2 is Marble and Blue, and has White Wood_Veneer wall. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Marble and Black as well as uses Wood_color Granite for floor. balcony1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Granite and Yellow, and wall is Gray Painted_Wood. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, study1. washroom1 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, two kitchens, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in west. washroom1 has Black Painted_Wood wall as well as has Yellow Rock_Plate floor. washroom2 uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Earth_color Jade. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. Moreover, livingroom1 floor is Black Mosaic while has Red Wood_Veneer wall. livingroom1 is in east with 35 square meters. wall of study1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color, and floor is Gray Mosaic. study1 is in north with 7 square meters. Besides, bedroom1 has Pink Cement_Board wall while floor is Quartz and Blue. bedroom1 is in southwest with 16 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 has Blue Jade floor as well as wall is Yellow Ceramics. bedroom2 has 10 squares in south. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Blue while wall is Green Wood_Veneer. kitchen1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. Besides, wall of kitchen2 is Cement_Board and Wood_color as well as has Earth_color Quartz floor. kitchen2 is in northeast with 0 square meters. Moreover, balcony1 uses Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Earth_color Stone_Brick. balcony1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. Additionally, balcony2 has White Quartz floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Gray. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2, kitchen2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2, balcony2 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2, balcony2, kitchen2. washroom2 is next to balcony2. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 is in center with 6 square meters. washroom1 floor is Blue Wall_Cloth, and wall is Blue Granite. In addition, bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. wall of bedroom1 is Coating and Earth_color as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Gray. bedroom2 has 9 squares in west. bedroom2 has Wood_color Wood_Veneer wall, and has Wood_color Cement_Board floor. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Stone_Brick as well as floor is White Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 has 43 squares in center. In addition, kitchen1 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth floor, and has Gray Painted_Wood wall. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in center. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 12 squares in northeast. bedroom1 uses Earth_color Granite for floor as well as wall is Green Painted_Wood. bedroom2 floor is Blue Wood_Grain while wall is Black Log. bedroom2 has 12 squares in west. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom1 has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has Purple Wood_Veneer floor. In addition, balcony1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. balcony1 has Gray Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Pink Wood_Grain. Moreover, balcony2 has 3 squares in west. balcony2 floor is White Wall_Cloth, and has Pink Log wall. In addition, livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Blue Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Orange. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 has Blue Granite wall while uses Black Mosaic for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1, balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to balcony2. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one storage, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in south. washroom1 has Orange Cement_Board wall as well as floor is White Jade. Additionally, washroom2 is in south with 4 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color, and has Earth_color Mosaic wall. floor of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color while wall is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 is in center with 50 square meters. storage1 has 4 squares in north. wall of storage1 is Stone_Brick and Pink as well as has Wood_color Log floor. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in southwest. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Wood_color, and has White Wood_Grain wall. Besides, wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color as well as floor is Purple Rock_Plate. bedroom2 has 18 squares in northwest. wall of bedroom3 is Jade and Green while has Pink Stone_Brick floor. bedroom3 covers 14 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 wall is Orange Bamboo_Vine as well as has Green Mosaic floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in northeast. balcony1 wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood, and has White Painted_Wood floor. balcony1 is in west with 13 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1, storage1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Wood_Grain, and wall is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. bedroom2 has Gray Ceramics floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Green. bedroom2 is in center with 10 square meters. washroom1 has 4 squares in southeast. washroom1 wall is Red Coating while has Pink Bamboo_Vine floor. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 uses Pink Wood_Grain for floor as well as has White Quartz wall. Moreover, balcony2 has Wood_color Quartz wall while uses Wood_color Quartz for floor. balcony2 is in northeast with 2 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Orange as well as has Orange Wall_Cloth floor. livingroom1 is in south with 24 square meters. kitchen1 has 7 squares in east. kitchen1 uses Purple Pure_Color_Wood for floor while wall is Gray Stone_Brick. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, balcony2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has Purple Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Gray Marble. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 wall is Pink Cement_Board while has White Wallpaper floor. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in north. study1 floor is Wood_color Wallpaper as well as wall is Marble and Wood_color. study1 covers 7 square meters located in north. Moreover, bedroom1 uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor, and has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1 has 11 squares in southwest. Besides, bedroom2 wall is Orange Ceramics as well as floor is Orange Stone_Brick. bedroom2 is in northwest with 8 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain, and floor is Granite and Yellow. kitchen1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. In addition, balcony1 is in southwest with 2 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue while has Green Bamboo_Vine wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to study1, washroom1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Gray Painted_Wood floor, and has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall. In addition, washroom2 has 5 squares in east. washroom2 has Red Granite wall while floor is Marble and Green. Moreover, floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and Pink, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Black. livingroom1 is in west with 41 square meters. In addition, closet1 covers 3 square meters located in center. closet1 floor is Red Log while has Purple Log wall. study1 is in northeast with 11 square meters. floor of study1 is Marble and Green, and wall is Purple Stone_Brick. bedroom1 has 16 squares in southeast. wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow while floor is Blue Wallpaper. bedroom2 has 11 squares in south. bedroom2 has Yellow Cement_Board floor as well as wall is Orange Ceramics. kitchen1 has White Granite wall while floor is Pink Granite. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. Besides, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. wall of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Earth_color as well as has Gray Log floor. Additionally, balcony2 is in north with 5 square meters. floor of balcony2 is Cement_Board and White, and has Red Wood_Grain wall. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, closet1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to study1, bedroom2, washroom2, closet1. study1 is next to washroom1, washroom2, balcony2. bedroom2 is adjacent to closet1. washroom1, balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Gray. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom2 uses Green Log for floor as well as wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom3 floor is Wood_color Mosaic while wall is Wood_Veneer and Black. bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. Additionally, washroom1 has Pink Mosaic floor, and has Green Wallpaper wall. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. In addition, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 has Blue Stone_Brick wall while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Gray. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Pink, and floor is Red Painted_Wood. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. wall of kitchen1 is Marble and Yellow while floor is Mosaic and Pink. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 10 squares in north. bedroom1 floor is Pink Ceramics, and wall is Stone_Brick and Green. In addition, bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in center. bedroom2 wall is Green Wallpaper while uses White Marble for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. washroom1 uses Black Jade for floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate as well as floor is Mosaic and Blue. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Earth_color while uses Yellow Marble for floor. livingroom1 is in east with 31 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 has Pink Rock_Plate wall as well as uses Wood_color Rock_Plate for floor. kitchen1 has 8 squares in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. The house plan has one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has Orange Wall_Cloth floor as well as has Earth_color Cement_Board wall. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. Moreover, bedroom1 has 12 squares in north. bedroom1 wall is Blue Log while has Orange Marble floor. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in east. wall of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Black, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Red. bedroom3 has Purple Granite floor as well as wall is Jade and Green. bedroom3 is in south with 9 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. livingroom1 has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Black. kitchen1 has 5 squares in southwest. floor of kitchen1 is Marble and Orange as well as wall is Log and White. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 is next to kitchen1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in west with 14 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Green Log as well as uses Orange Log for floor. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in center. bedroom2 floor is Yellow Wood_Grain, and has Black Wall_Cloth wall. Besides, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. washroom1 uses Red Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Green. Additionally, balcony1 uses Blue Jade for floor while wall is White Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Jade and Black, and floor is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. livingroom1 covers 24 square meters located in northeast. Besides, wall of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red while has Gray Coating floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in northwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Purple Coating wall as well as has Blue Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Orange Wallpaper while wall is Red Ceramics. bedroom2 is in east with 9 square meters. washroom1 has 5 squares in northwest. washroom1 wall is Orange Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Yellow Wallpaper. wall of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Yellow, and floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in east. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Coating and Red as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Red. livingroom1 is in center with 27 square meters. kitchen1 uses Yellow Jade for floor, and wall is Granite and Wood_color. kitchen1 is in west with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom1 wall is Orange Coating, and has Pink Coating floor. bedroom2 has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Purple Jade. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. Additionally, bedroom3 has Orange Coating wall as well as floor is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom3 is in west with 6 square meters. Besides, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom1 floor is Black Cement_Board, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange. Moreover, balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Wallpaper and Blue while floor is Wall_Cloth and Purple. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. livingroom1 uses Blue Ceramics for floor, and has Orange Painted_Wood wall. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain floor while has Orange Granite wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3, balcony1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, bedroom1 is in center with 14 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Earth_color, and wall is Blue Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in east. bedroom2 floor is Black Cement_Board while has Gray Painted_Wood wall. Moreover, livingroom1 has Yellow Mosaic wall, and floor is Purple Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 is in south with 27 square meters. Besides, balcony1 wall is Black Wallpaper as well as floor is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 has 6 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, and three bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in center. washroom1 floor is Yellow Wallpaper as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. washroom2 wall is Earth_color Quartz while has Wood_color Coating floor. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. Moreover, floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and White as well as has Green Stone_Brick wall. livingroom1 covers 44 square meters located in center. Besides, wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Black, and uses Purple Jade for floor. bedroom1 has 19 squares in east. bedroom2 is in east with 17 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Blue Wall_Cloth. Moreover, bedroom3 has 10 squares in west. wall of bedroom3 is Wall_Cloth and Pink while floor is Green Rock_Plate. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in east. bedroom1 uses Black Mosaic for floor, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and White. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has Red Ceramics floor while has Orange Wood_Veneer wall. Moreover, bedroom3 has Earth_color Rock_Plate floor, and has Gray Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom3 has 9 squares in north. Besides, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Wood_color while floor is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color. Additionally, washroom2 is in center with 2 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Painted_Wood and Blue as well as has Orange Mosaic floor. balcony1 has 3 squares in east. balcony1 has Green Stone_Brick wall, and floor is Wood_color Coating. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in west. floor of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Yellow while wall is Orange Ceramic_Tile. Additionally, kitchen1 has 6 squares in west. kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Log as well as uses Wood_color Painted_Wood for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2, balcony1, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, balcony1. The building contains one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of washroom1 is Mosaic and Green, and wall is Blue Jade. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. Moreover, study1 floor is Orange Painted_Wood as well as wall is Purple Granite. study1 is in east with 12 square meters. bedroom1 is in northwest with 18 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Red while floor is Mosaic and Black. wall of bedroom2 is Marble and Yellow, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 has Pink Rock_Plate wall while floor is Mosaic and Earth_color. livingroom1 has 52 squares in center. In addition, kitchen1 covers 11 square meters located in southeast. wall of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and Red as well as has Yellow Painted_Wood floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, two bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one balcony. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Red as well as has White Painted_Wood floor. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in center. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in west. washroom2 floor is Red Mosaic, and wall is Jade and Red. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple as well as wall is White Painted_Wood. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Gray while has Black Ceramics floor. bedroom2 is in west with 8 square meters. livingroom1 has 15 squares in center. livingroom1 has Green Quartz wall as well as floor is Black Ceramic_Tile. floor of livingroom2 is Jade and Earth_color, and has Orange Log wall. livingroom2 has 5 squares in west. floor of balcony1 is Mosaic and Yellow as well as wall is Orange Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 is in east with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to livingroom2. washroom2 and livingroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has two washrooms, three bedrooms, two livingrooms, one closet, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has White Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Green Wallpaper. washroom1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 is in southeast with 5 square meters. washroom2 floor is Red Jade while wall is Painted_Wood and Red. Besides, bedroom1 has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and White. bedroom1 is in west with 19 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 has 15 squares in south. bedroom2 uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Black. bedroom3 has 12 squares in north. bedroom3 uses Black Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Yellow Log. Additionally, livingroom1 has Green Wood_Veneer floor while has Black Mosaic wall. livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, livingroom2 floor is Earth_color Quartz as well as has Black Quartz wall. livingroom2 has 19 squares in east. Besides, closet1 has 7 squares in southwest. closet1 uses Blue Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Gray. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in center. wall of kitchen1 is Log and Blue as well as floor is Granite and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to livingroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1. bedroom1 is next to livingroom2, bedroom2, kitchen1, closet1, washroom1. bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom2 are connected. bedroom2 is next to closet1. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. closet1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, one closet, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 wall is Green Quartz, and has White Marble floor. washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 has Earth_color Marble wall while floor is White Wood_Veneer. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in south. Besides, bedroom1 wall is Gray Stone_Brick, and uses Black Coating for floor. bedroom1 is in north with 16 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Red while wall is Rock_Plate and Pink. bedroom2 is in southwest with 12 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 is in east with 39 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Pink as well as has Orange Wood_Grain wall. closet1 has 5 squares in west. closet1 floor is Pink Ceramic_Tile while wall is Wood_color Coating. In addition, kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Jade as well as uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor. kitchen1 is in south with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, closet1, washroom1. closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to closet1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor, and has Green Wood_Grain wall. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. Moreover, bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom2 uses Pink Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Orange Jade. floor of bedroom3 is Wall_Cloth and Yellow, and wall is Cement_Board and Purple. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray as well as floor is Purple Coating. Besides, balcony1 has 6 squares in south. floor of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink, and wall is Pink Mosaic. In addition, balcony2 has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Yellow Wallpaper. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Purple Wall_Cloth, and wall is Quartz and Pink. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. kitchen1 uses Purple Cement_Board for floor while wall is Orange Log. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in east. washroom1 uses Earth_color Coating for floor as well as wall is Granite and Wood_color. floor of washroom2 is Painted_Wood and Green, and wall is Green Bamboo_Vine. washroom2 is in center with 3 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Yellow Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 has 39 squares in center. Additionally, bedroom1 is in southeast with 17 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Yellow Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Red Stone_Brick. Moreover, bedroom2 has 11 squares in northeast. floor of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color as well as has Black Log wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 wall is Blue Ceramic_Tile as well as has Yellow Granite floor. washroom1 is in center with 6 square meters. washroom2 has 4 squares in center. floor of washroom2 is Wood_Grain and Orange while wall is Purple Wall_Cloth. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Yellow Mosaic as well as uses Blue Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 has 34 squares in north. study1 is in north with 10 square meters. study1 wall is Green Rock_Plate, and floor is Yellow Wood_Grain. Besides, floor of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Black while has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom1 has 19 squares in south. In addition, bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in south. bedroom2 wall is Gray Coating as well as floor is Yellow Stone_Brick. Besides, kitchen1 has 6 squares in center. kitchen1 wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer, and has Green Ceramic_Tile floor. In addition, balcony1 has 5 squares in south. balcony1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall while floor is Red Wood_Grain. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1, washroom2. kitchen1 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. In practice, washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Wood_color Wallpaper floor as well as wall is Black Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 covers 44 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Granite and Blue while has Black Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1 has Blue Cement_Board floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and White. bedroom1 has 15 squares in east. wall of bedroom2 is Coating and Yellow while has Yellow Stone_Brick floor. bedroom2 has 12 squares in northwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom1 has Purple Granite wall, and floor is Wood_Grain and Pink. washroom2 wall is Red Coating while floor is Jade and Purple. washroom2 has 4 squares in west. Additionally, livingroom1 has 48 squares in east. livingroom1 floor is Orange Granite as well as has White Jade wall. wall of study1 is Jade and White, and floor is Pink Log. study1 is in north with 11 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 uses Green Ceramics for floor as well as has Yellow Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom1 is in northwest with 19 square meters. bedroom2 is in west with 9 square meters. bedroom2 has White Log floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Earth_color. In addition, bedroom3 has Red Wood_Veneer wall as well as uses Red Granite for floor. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor, and wall is Orange Coating. kitchen1 has 7 squares in center. balcony1 has 7 squares in northeast. balcony1 uses Purple Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and Black. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to study1, bedroom2, washroom2. study1 is adjacent to bedroom3. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Yellow Granite floor as well as wall is Quartz and Green. bedroom1 is in southeast with 23 square meters. bedroom2 is in south with 14 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color, and floor is Granite and Blue. bedroom3 has 11 squares in northeast. wall of bedroom3 is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color while has Orange Ceramics floor. In addition, floor of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Wood_color, and wall is Granite and Wood_color. washroom1 has 7 squares in northeast. Besides, washroom2 has 5 squares in north. washroom2 has Purple Painted_Wood floor as well as has Gray Pure_Color_Wood wall. In addition, balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine while floor is Granite and Black. balcony2 uses Green Coating for floor, and wall is Wood_color Wall_Cloth. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in north. Moreover, livingroom1 has 37 squares in west. livingroom1 has Purple Jade wall as well as uses Pink Wallpaper for floor. In addition, kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile, and uses Gray Granite for floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. washroom1, washroom2, balcony2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. washroom2 is adjacent to balcony2. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has 6 squares in south. washroom1 has Gray Wallpaper wall as well as has Black Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom1 has White Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Green Wood_Grain. bedroom1 is in east with 17 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 has 10 squares in center. wall of bedroom2 is Mosaic and White as well as has Pink Mosaic floor. livingroom1 floor is White Ceramics, and wall is Cement_Board and Orange. livingroom1 is in west with 32 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in west. kitchen1 has Black Cement_Board wall as well as floor is Wood_Grain and Gray. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Black Cement_Board floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. Additionally, bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Black Wood_Veneer while uses Yellow Wall_Cloth for floor. bedroom3 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall, and has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 uses Wood_color Marble for floor while wall is White Wood_Grain. Besides, balcony1 has Gray Quartz wall as well as floor is Pink Quartz. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. In addition, floor of balcony2 is Wall_Cloth and Black while has Wood_color Jade wall. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has White Bamboo_Vine floor, and wall is Earth_color Coating. Moreover, kitchen1 has Yellow Quartz wall as well as floor is Blue Wood_Grain. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red, and floor is Purple Quartz. washroom1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. Additionally, bedroom1 has 17 squares in northwest. bedroom1 has Orange Stone_Brick wall while uses Green Wallpaper for floor. Besides, livingroom1 covers 62 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is White Mosaic, and uses Gray Stone_Brick for floor. In addition, kitchen1 has 9 squares in northeast. kitchen1 wall is Orange Wood_Grain as well as floor is Stone_Brick and Orange. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 wall is Gray Wood_Grain as well as has Orange Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. Additionally, bedroom2 uses White Ceramics for floor, and has Black Stone_Brick wall. bedroom2 is in west with 10 square meters. bedroom3 is in west with 10 square meters. floor of bedroom3 is Stone_Brick and Wood_color while has Pink Rock_Plate wall. Besides, washroom1 has 4 squares in north. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Blue, and floor is Wallpaper and Gray. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray while uses Pink Coating for floor. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue as well as uses Red Painted_Wood for floor. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. wall of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and White, and floor is Yellow Log. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, kitchen1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Red Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. bedroom1 uses Wood_color Coating for floor as well as has Blue Quartz wall. bedroom1 is in west with 14 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 has 12 squares in east. bedroom2 wall is Red Ceramic_Tile while floor is Mosaic and Blue. Additionally, livingroom1 has 36 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Gray Stone_Brick, and uses Blue Ceramics for floor. In addition, kitchen1 is in east with 5 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow as well as uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, kitchen1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has Pink Marble wall, and uses Pink Ceramics for floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. washroom2 floor is Purple Wood_Grain as well as has White Granite wall. washroom2 has 2 squares in west. livingroom1 covers 43 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Green Cement_Board wall while floor is Mosaic and Wood_color. Additionally, floor of closet1 is Jade and Wood_color, and has Yellow Stone_Brick wall. closet1 has 2 squares in east. floor of study1 is Wood_Grain and Pink as well as wall is Granite and White. study1 covers 13 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 has 13 squares in southwest. wall of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and White while uses Yellow Coating for floor. In addition, bedroom2 is in northwest with 12 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Marble and Red, and has Earth_color Wall_Cloth floor. Additionally, kitchen1 is in northeast with 8 square meters. kitchen1 has Blue Mosaic wall as well as floor is Wood_color Wood_Veneer. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom2, closet1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. study1 is next to closet1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 wall is Purple Wall_Cloth, and floor is Mosaic and Orange. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. livingroom1 floor is Gray Wallpaper while has Purple Mosaic wall. livingroom1 is in south with 32 square meters. corridor1 has 3 squares in center. floor of corridor1 is Bamboo_Vine and Purple, and wall is Jade and Red. Moreover, bedroom1 wall is Black Wall_Cloth while has Red Marble floor. bedroom1 has 16 squares in west. bedroom2 has Earth_color Log floor as well as wall is Red Log. bedroom2 has 13 squares in east. kitchen1 is in east with 8 square meters. kitchen1 wall is White Ceramics, and uses Blue Jade for floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 floor is Wood_color Jade while wall is White Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, corridor1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1, corridor1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, corridor1. washroom1 is next to corridor1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. wall of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Red, and has Green Cement_Board floor. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow as well as floor is Purple Painted_Wood. corridor1 has Pink Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Log and Pink. corridor1 is in center with 3 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 is in south with 12 square meters. bedroom1 has Gray Wall_Cloth floor as well as has Pink Wall_Cloth wall. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in north. bedroom2 has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall, and uses Green Cement_Board for floor. kitchen1 uses White Cement_Board for floor as well as has Green Bamboo_Vine wall. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in north. Moreover, balcony1 is in south with 4 square meters. balcony1 uses Orange Mosaic for floor while wall is Log and Red. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1, corridor1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, corridor1. washroom1 is next to corridor1. House has three washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Gray Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. In addition, washroom2 wall is Orange Log while uses Blue Granite for floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in east. Besides, washroom3 is in center with 2 square meters. washroom3 has Purple Bamboo_Vine wall, and has Yellow Marble floor. livingroom1 covers 39 square meters located in west. livingroom1 floor is Red Jade while wall is Yellow Log. closet1 has 9 squares in northeast. closet1 floor is Black Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. In addition, bedroom1 has White Rock_Plate wall while floor is Wood_color Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in center. bedroom2 has Orange Rock_Plate wall, and uses Orange Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom3 has White Ceramic_Tile wall while has Orange Ceramics floor. bedroom3 is in south with 10 square meters. kitchen1 has Black Wall_Cloth floor, and has Wood_color Granite wall. kitchen1 is in south with 6 square meters. Besides, balcony1 has Pink Granite wall while has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood floor. balcony1 has 7 squares in southwest. Additionally, balcony2 has Black Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Pink Granite. balcony2 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, balcony2, kitchen1, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, closet1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom3. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. closet1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. balcony1 is adjacent to kitchen1. washroom1 is next to washroom3. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Pink as well as uses Green Quartz for floor. bedroom1 is in northwest with 15 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is Gray Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Coating and Blue. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in southeast. floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red while wall is Earth_color Marble. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. Moreover, balcony1 is in north with 7 square meters. balcony1 has Purple Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Wood_color. wall of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Wood_color while uses Orange Jade for floor. livingroom1 has 28 squares in center. kitchen1 has 7 squares in southwest. floor of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Black, and wall is White Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one study, one bedroom, two livingrooms, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Red Painted_Wood as well as floor is Yellow Marble. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. study1 covers 10 square meters located in center. study1 wall is Orange Bamboo_Vine while has Blue Jade floor. Moreover, bedroom1 is in south with 16 square meters. bedroom1 has Pink Rock_Plate wall, and uses White Ceramic_Tile for floor. In addition, livingroom1 uses Red Pure_Color_Wood for floor while wall is Mosaic and Red. livingroom1 is in center with 31 square meters. livingroom2 covers 17 square meters located in north. livingroom2 has Purple Cement_Board wall, and floor is Orange Granite. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. balcony1 wall is Orange Ceramics while floor is Green Wallpaper. livingroom1 is adjacent to livingroom2, bedroom1, study1, balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and livingroom2 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to study1. study1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Pink as well as uses Purple Mosaic for floor. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 has 10 squares in south. bedroom2 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall, and uses Wood_color Jade for floor. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom3 has Wood_color Stone_Brick floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Orange. washroom1 wall is Blue Cement_Board, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Blue. washroom1 is in northwest with 4 square meters. balcony1 has 2 squares in south. floor of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Wood_color as well as has Gray Wood_Grain wall. Moreover, livingroom1 has 25 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Blue Stone_Brick while floor is Pink Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 uses Earth_color Marble for floor as well as wall is Pink Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 uses Black Quartz for floor as well as has Purple Mosaic wall. bedroom1 has 15 squares in northwest. In addition, bedroom2 has Green Wall_Cloth wall while floor is White Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in north. Besides, bedroom3 covers 7 square meters located in south. floor of bedroom3 is Wallpaper and White as well as wall is White Painted_Wood. In addition, washroom1 has Red Marble floor while has Purple Wood_Grain wall. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in west. balcony1 has 4 squares in northeast. floor of balcony1 is Marble and Gray as well as has Black Marble wall. livingroom1 has 26 squares in east. floor of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Black while has Green Stone_Brick wall. Additionally, kitchen1 has Orange Wood_Veneer wall, and uses Red Ceramic_Tile for floor. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. bedroom3 and washroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to bedroom3. House has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. washroom1 uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor as well as wall is Orange Log. Additionally, study1 covers 7 square meters located in center. study1 floor is Orange Marble, and has Orange Stone_Brick wall. wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Yellow as well as floor is Black Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1 is in southwest with 17 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 has Red Log wall while floor is Rock_Plate and Wood_color. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in north. livingroom1 has Yellow Bamboo_Vine floor, and wall is Painted_Wood and Blue. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in east. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in center. wall of kitchen1 is Jade and Pink as well as floor is Ceramics and Orange. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to study1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 wall is Blue Wood_Veneer, and has Black Ceramic_Tile floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. bedroom1 has Black Coating floor as well as wall is Black Mosaic. bedroom1 has 19 squares in center. livingroom1 has Gray Mosaic floor, and has Yellow Bamboo_Vine wall. livingroom1 covers 45 square meters located in center. floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color while wall is Log and White. kitchen1 is in northwest with 9 square meters. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one study, one livingroom, and three bedrooms. More specifically, washroom1 has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is Quartz and Pink. washroom1 has 7 squares in southeast. Additionally, washroom2 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall, and has White Painted_Wood floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. Besides, study1 floor is Red Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Yellow Stone_Brick. study1 covers 16 square meters located in southwest. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 57 square meters. livingroom1 has Pink Bamboo_Vine wall while floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood. wall of bedroom1 is Coating and Purple as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Orange. bedroom1 covers 20 square meters located in northwest. Besides, bedroom2 floor is Pink Jade, and has Earth_color Ceramics wall. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 is in east with 10 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Purple Ceramics while floor is Earth_color Painted_Wood. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom2. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 uses Gray Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and has Orange Rock_Plate wall. bedroom1 is in north with 11 square meters. bedroom2 uses Gray Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Quartz and Wood_color. bedroom2 has 11 squares in west. In addition, washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is White Marble while uses White Log for floor. Moreover, balcony1 has Orange Log wall, and uses Orange Painted_Wood for floor. balcony1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. floor of balcony2 is Wood_Veneer and Red while wall is Jade and Earth_color. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in south. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Orange Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Red Jade. livingroom1 has 26 squares in east. kitchen1 uses Pink Wallpaper for floor while has Yellow Wood_Grain wall. kitchen1 has 7 squares in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. balcony2 and washroom1 are connected. House has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, floor of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow as well as has Gray Granite wall. bedroom1 has 10 squares in south. Moreover, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Wallpaper and Green while has Orange Wood_Veneer floor. balcony1 has 3 squares in west. wall of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Green, and has Black Wall_Cloth floor. livingroom1 covers 39 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Gray while has Green Mosaic wall. In addition, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 has Yellow Rock_Plate floor as well as wall is Blue Granite. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in west with 14 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Red, and floor is Painted_Wood and White. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom2 is Granite and Yellow while wall is Yellow Mosaic. Additionally, bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. bedroom3 wall is Green Log as well as floor is White Stone_Brick. Besides, washroom1 has Black Jade floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. In addition, washroom2 has Earth_color Wallpaper wall, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Black. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in east. Besides, wall of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Earth_color while floor is Pink Stone_Brick. balcony1 is in north with 7 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine, and uses Red Wood_Grain for floor. livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in center. Moreover, kitchen1 has Green Painted_Wood floor while wall is Orange Wallpaper. kitchen1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and three balconys. More specifically, washroom1 is in center with 6 square meters. washroom1 floor is Blue Jade, and has Purple Mosaic wall. livingroom1 is in center with 32 square meters. livingroom1 has Black Jade floor while has Earth_color Mosaic wall. study1 covers 10 square meters located in north. study1 has Green Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Red. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray while has Green Jade floor. bedroom1 is in southwest with 15 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Blue Quartz for floor as well as has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in south. kitchen1 uses Red Stone_Brick for floor, and has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall. kitchen1 has 8 squares in north. balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. balcony1 uses Pink Granite for floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. balcony2 floor is Blue Wood_Grain, and wall is Rock_Plate and Black. balcony2 is in east with 5 square meters. Besides, wall of balcony3 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. balcony3 is in south with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1, balcony3. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. balcony1 is next to balcony3. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in southwest. wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Orange as well as floor is Red Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 has Earth_color Ceramics floor, and has Wood_color Granite wall. bedroom2 is in northwest with 9 square meters. floor of bedroom3 is Mosaic and Gray while has Pink Mosaic wall. bedroom3 has 8 squares in south. washroom1 floor is Pink Wood_Grain as well as wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. balcony1 wall is Green Cement_Board while floor is Wood_color Cement_Board. balcony1 has 3 squares in north. livingroom1 wall is Purple Stone_Brick as well as has Blue Bamboo_Vine floor. livingroom1 has 30 squares in east. Additionally, kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. kitchen1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is White Mosaic. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in east with 11 square meters. bedroom1 uses Earth_color Log for floor, and wall is Green Rock_Plate. bedroom2 uses Purple Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Wood_color. bedroom2 is in center with 11 square meters. In addition, bedroom3 has Gray Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Orange. bedroom3 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. Moreover, floor of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Purple while wall is Rock_Plate and Blue. washroom1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Yellow Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. balcony1 is in northwest with 5 square meters. livingroom1 uses Green Marble for floor while wall is Red Mosaic. livingroom1 has 30 squares in west. Additionally, wall of kitchen1 is Rock_Plate and Wood_color, and has Purple Ceramic_Tile floor. kitchen1 has 4 squares in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, balcony1, kitchen1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1. The house plan has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. washroom1 has Yellow Wood_Grain wall as well as uses Green Stone_Brick for floor. Additionally, study1 uses White Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Earth_color Marble. study1 is in southwest with 10 square meters. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 uses Orange Rock_Plate for floor while has Green Wood_Grain wall. Besides, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramics and Wood_color, and uses Earth_color Ceramic_Tile for floor. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Quartz and White as well as floor is Red Ceramics. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in center. Moreover, kitchen1 uses Red Coating for floor while wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. kitchen1 has 5 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom2, kitchen1 and bedroom1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Black as well as uses Wood_color Marble for floor. bedroom1 is in southwest with 14 square meters. bedroom2 has 12 squares in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Purple while has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor. Moreover, washroom1 floor is Earth_color Wall_Cloth, and wall is Blue Log. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. floor of balcony1 is Mosaic and Red while wall is White Ceramics. livingroom1 covers 26 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Purple Quartz for floor as well as wall is Quartz and Wood_color. Besides, kitchen1 has 10 squares in northeast. kitchen1 wall is White Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Coating and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 wall is Earth_color Ceramics as well as uses Orange Marble for floor. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in south. wall of livingroom1 is Quartz and Black while uses Purple Cement_Board for floor. wall of study1 is Wall_Cloth and Yellow as well as floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood. study1 has 11 squares in center. Besides, wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Purple while has Red Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Gray Wall_Cloth. Additionally, kitchen1 has Yellow Cement_Board wall as well as uses Black Wood_Veneer for floor. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 has Pink Jade floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Purple. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. study1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. wall of washroom1 is Marble and Earth_color, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom1 floor is White Mosaic as well as has Pink Stone_Brick wall. wall of livingroom1 is Jade and Black while floor is Rock_Plate and Blue. livingroom1 is in center with 24 square meters. kitchen1 uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor, and wall is Orange Mosaic. kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 uses Earth_color Log for floor, and wall is Blue Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom2 has Earth_color Ceramics floor while wall is White Mosaic. bedroom3 has Earth_color Jade floor as well as has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. Additionally, wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue while floor is Rock_Plate and Yellow. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. Moreover, wall of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Green as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Orange. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color, and has Red Wall_Cloth floor. Besides, kitchen1 has White Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Quartz and Red. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one storage, one corridor, three bedrooms, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Cement_Board and Yellow. Additionally, washroom2 has Gray Wood_Veneer wall while floor is White Marble. washroom2 is in south with 5 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 has 55 squares in center. livingroom1 has Earth_color Mosaic floor, and has Gray Granite wall. storage1 covers 3 square meters located in north. floor of storage1 is Painted_Wood and Red as well as has Red Jade wall. Besides, corridor1 has 2 squares in south. wall of corridor1 is Marble and Purple, and floor is Earth_color Painted_Wood. Moreover, wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and White while floor is Painted_Wood and Purple. bedroom1 is in northeast with 19 square meters. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow as well as has Yellow Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom2 has 10 squares in southeast. Besides, bedroom3 uses Orange Mosaic for floor, and wall is Painted_Wood and Orange. bedroom3 is in northwest with 10 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 is in east with 12 square meters. balcony1 has Black Bamboo_Vine wall while uses Orange Cement_Board for floor. balcony2 uses Gray Coating for floor, and has Black Wood_Veneer wall. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony2, storage1, corridor1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. balcony1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom2, corridor1. balcony2, storage1 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to storage1. corridor1 and washroom2 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 15 squares in west. floor of bedroom1 is Jade and Wood_color, and wall is Blue Stone_Brick. Additionally, bedroom2 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Red Wall_Cloth while uses Wood_color Rock_Plate for floor. washroom1 wall is Yellow Coating as well as uses Yellow Granite for floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in south. wall of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color while floor is Pink Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 has 5 squares in west. Moreover, livingroom1 floor is Orange Coating as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Red. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color while uses Pink Cement_Board for floor. kitchen1 is in northeast with 9 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The building contains one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 16 squares in west. bedroom1 uses Black Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Gray Wall_Cloth. Additionally, washroom1 is in northwest with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Wood_color Wood_Veneer as well as has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor. wall of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color while floor is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. balcony1 has 6 squares in southeast. Moreover, floor of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Pink, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in center. Additionally, kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. kitchen1 has Black Wallpaper floor as well as has Red Granite wall. bedroom1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in northeast with 11 square meters. bedroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Purple Marble. Additionally, bedroom2 has Gray Granite wall, and has Blue Granite floor. bedroom2 is in northwest with 9 square meters. bedroom3 has Wood_color Cement_Board wall as well as uses Blue Quartz for floor. bedroom3 has 8 squares in west. In addition, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Blue while wall is Orange Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 has Black Log floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and White. balcony1 has 4 squares in east. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 24 square meters. livingroom1 uses Orange Coating for floor while wall is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. In addition, kitchen1 has Yellow Quartz floor as well as wall is Log and Red. kitchen1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 13 squares in northeast. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple as well as uses Gray Ceramics for floor. In addition, bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in center. bedroom2 has Yellow Quartz wall while uses Orange Ceramics for floor. Besides, bedroom3 has 8 squares in northwest. bedroom3 wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick, and has Green Wood_Veneer floor. In addition, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Black Marble while uses Yellow Painted_Wood for floor. Additionally, washroom2 floor is Purple Quartz as well as wall is Mosaic and White. washroom2 has 3 squares in west. Moreover, balcony1 has 6 squares in southeast. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Black, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. Besides, livingroom1 is in south with 29 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Purple Rock_Plate while floor is Red Bamboo_Vine. Additionally, kitchen1 has 6 squares in west. kitchen1 has Orange Coating wall as well as floor is Pink Coating. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. floor of washroom1 is Marble and Earth_color as well as wall is Blue Wood_Grain. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Black Bamboo_Vine for floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. In addition, wall of study1 is Cement_Board and Yellow, and has Green Stone_Brick floor. study1 covers 8 square meters located in east. bedroom1 has Black Mosaic wall as well as uses Yellow Wall_Cloth for floor. bedroom1 has 14 squares in west. bedroom2 has 9 squares in center. bedroom2 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood wall, and has Purple Rock_Plate floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southeast. floor of kitchen1 is Wall_Cloth and Green while has Red Bamboo_Vine wall. Moreover, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in west. balcony1 wall is White Pure_Color_Wood, and has White Quartz floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to study1, washroom1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Black as well as uses Red Wood_Grain for floor. washroom1 is in southwest with 4 square meters. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. wall of balcony1 is Wallpaper and White, and has Yellow Mosaic floor. Moreover, livingroom1 has 21 squares in east. livingroom1 wall is White Cement_Board while has White Coating floor. kitchen1 uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 has 9 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1, balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 has Red Marble wall as well as has Pink Jade floor. washroom1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. washroom2 is in northwest with 5 square meters. washroom2 has Red Wallpaper wall, and floor is Earth_color Stone_Brick. Moreover, livingroom1 has Red Wallpaper floor while wall is Wallpaper and Earth_color. livingroom1 has 40 squares in center. Besides, closet1 is in north with 4 square meters. floor of closet1 is Jade and Orange, and wall is Coating and Gray. In addition, study1 has Blue Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Wallpaper and Red. study1 is in center with 9 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 has Purple Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Red Coating. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in north. floor of bedroom2 is Cement_Board and Yellow, and has Purple Rock_Plate wall. bedroom2 has 13 squares in west. kitchen1 uses Green Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Wallpaper and Yellow. kitchen1 is in south with 8 square meters. balcony1 has Orange Cement_Board floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Gray. balcony1 is in west with 7 square meters. Additionally, balcony2 has 3 squares in southwest. balcony2 has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as uses Blue Coating for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, closet1. washroom2, closet1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. closet1 and washroom2 are connected. House has one washroom, one study, one livingroom, and one bedroom. Specifically, washroom1 uses Black Coating for floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Green. washroom1 covers 2 square meters located in southeast. Moreover, study1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. study1 wall is Green Wood_Veneer while uses Black Jade for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 22 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Purple Ceramics wall, and floor is Green Wall_Cloth. bedroom1 has Blue Log wall while floor is Orange Log. bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in west. bedroom1, study1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 16 squares in southwest. bedroom1 floor is Gray Marble as well as has Red Jade wall. In addition, floor of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Blue, and wall is Coating and Earth_color. bedroom2 has 11 squares in east. Additionally, wall of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Black while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. washroom1 covers 8 square meters located in west. Moreover, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 floor is Pink Jade as well as has Wood_color Wallpaper wall. livingroom1 has 39 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Black Wood_Grain while wall is Marble and Blue. kitchen1 wall is Blue Painted_Wood as well as uses Earth_color Coating for floor. kitchen1 has 11 squares in northwest. bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and two kitchens. In practice, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom1 is Jade and Gray as well as has Blue Wood_Grain wall. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow, and has Purple Log floor. bedroom2 is in west with 14 square meters. In addition, washroom1 has 8 squares in center. washroom1 uses Wood_color Wallpaper for floor as well as has Orange Cement_Board wall. balcony1 uses White Wall_Cloth for floor, and has Orange Log wall. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in east. Additionally, livingroom1 has 27 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Pink Quartz for floor as well as has Black Quartz wall. kitchen1 is in west with 6 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Blue Wood_Grain, and floor is Orange Painted_Wood. Besides, kitchen2 covers 3 square meters located in west. kitchen2 floor is Orange Wood_Grain while wall is Log and Earth_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1, kitchen2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to kitchen2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Green as well as has Orange Bamboo_Vine floor. In addition, livingroom1 has 37 squares in west. livingroom1 uses Orange Quartz for floor, and wall is Gray Jade. Besides, wall of closet1 is Granite and Purple as well as has Orange Ceramics floor. closet1 is in east with 5 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine while wall is Stone_Brick and Earth_color. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 is in south with 11 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Earth_color, and floor is Wood_Grain and Blue. Moreover, bedroom3 is in north with 8 square meters. bedroom3 uses Black Jade for floor as well as has Black Wall_Cloth wall. kitchen1 floor is Red Quartz while wall is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. kitchen1 has 11 squares in north. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 floor is Purple Painted_Wood as well as has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, closet1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, closet1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, closet1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Earth_color as well as uses Green Wood_Veneer for floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. Moreover, washroom2 floor is Wood_color Wood_Veneer while has Gray Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Jade and Earth_color, and uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 48 square meters. study1 has Gray Granite floor while wall is Orange Wall_Cloth. study1 covers 13 square meters located in west. Besides, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 wall is Orange Wallpaper as well as has Wood_color Painted_Wood floor. bedroom2 wall is Purple Stone_Brick while floor is Quartz and Yellow. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, kitchen1 floor is Red Rock_Plate as well as has Purple Stone_Brick wall. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. Besides, balcony1 is in east with 7 square meters. balcony1 uses White Ceramic_Tile for floor while wall is Earth_color Jade. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to bedroom2. bedroom2 is next to washroom2. The building contains two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Earth_color Log wall, and floor is Mosaic and Red. Additionally, washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in north. washroom2 wall is Red Granite as well as floor is Cement_Board and Gray. Besides, bedroom1 has 20 squares in northwest. bedroom1 has Pink Log wall, and has Yellow Ceramics floor. bedroom2 has 11 squares in northeast. bedroom2 wall is Pink Painted_Wood while uses Purple Bamboo_Vine for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has 77 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue, and floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood. Moreover, kitchen1 has Yellow Jade wall as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. kitchen1 has 7 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Yellow Marble wall, and has Red Painted_Wood floor. bedroom1 has 15 squares in west. Moreover, bedroom2 uses White Quartz for floor while wall is Coating and Green. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in east. washroom1 uses Earth_color Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Log and Orange. washroom1 has 5 squares in south. Additionally, floor of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Green, and wall is Green Marble. balcony1 is in west with 5 square meters. livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Purple Marble for floor as well as wall is Coating and Black. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. wall of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Blue, and floor is Quartz and Earth_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Log and Orange as well as has Wood_color Stone_Brick floor. bedroom1 wall is Red Coating, and floor is Cement_Board and Gray. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Red Marble while floor is Black Marble. livingroom1 has 25 squares in center. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 12 square meters located in west. floor of kitchen1 is Coating and Earth_color as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, floor of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Wood_color as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Purple. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 uses Pink Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Yellow Log. bedroom2 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Black Wall_Cloth while floor is Rock_Plate and Black. bedroom3 has 10 squares in northeast. Moreover, washroom1 floor is Green Marble, and wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom2 uses Red Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and Green. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. Besides, balcony1 covers 11 square meters located in south. floor of balcony1 is Mosaic and Earth_color while wall is Green Jade. In addition, livingroom1 covers 43 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has Green Log wall as well as has Blue Wood_Grain floor. kitchen1 has Blue Mosaic wall, and floor is Red Rock_Plate. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 17 squares in south. bedroom1 has Blue Mosaic wall as well as floor is Wood_color Marble. bedroom2 has Black Wallpaper wall while uses Gray Wood_Grain for floor. bedroom2 has 13 squares in southeast. Additionally, bedroom3 has White Ceramics floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Green. bedroom3 is in north with 12 square meters. washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray, and wall is Gray Granite. washroom2 is in east with 3 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Rock_Plate and Green as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. balcony1 has 10 squares in west. balcony1 floor is White Quartz while wall is Marble and Pink. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Pink Marble. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in center. kitchen1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Pink Log as well as uses Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom2. balcony1, kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. balcony1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Purple Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Pink Wallpaper. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 is in northeast with 14 square meters. bedroom2 has Red Wallpaper wall, and floor is Mosaic and Blue. In addition, washroom1 has Blue Quartz wall while floor is Marble and Orange. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. Additionally, balcony1 has Earth_color Ceramics wall as well as has Earth_color Wallpaper floor. balcony1 is in west with 5 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Earth_color while has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall. Moreover, kitchen1 is in east with 7 square meters. kitchen1 has Pink Wood_Veneer wall, and has Gray Log floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in northwest with 16 square meters. bedroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Quartz and Gray. bedroom2 has 14 squares in northeast. floor of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Blue while has Pink Stone_Brick wall. Moreover, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Pink Painted_Wood as well as uses Purple Log for floor. balcony1 has White Stone_Brick wall while has White Bamboo_Vine floor. balcony1 has 5 squares in west. In addition, livingroom1 has Earth_color Jade floor, and has Gray Ceramics wall. livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. kitchen1 is in east with 7 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Blue Ceramic_Tile as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Green. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. washroom1 has Purple Jade wall as well as has Wood_color Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom1 has Orange Bamboo_Vine wall while has Black Wood_Grain floor. bedroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has Green Bamboo_Vine wall, and uses Earth_color Wall_Cloth for floor. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. livingroom1 has Blue Mosaic wall while floor is Pink Jade. kitchen1 has White Cement_Board floor, and wall is Earth_color Stone_Brick. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in north. bedroom1 floor is Black Wallpaper, and wall is Painted_Wood and Purple. Moreover, bedroom2 uses White Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Earth_color Jade. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. floor of bedroom3 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color while wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. bedroom3 has 12 squares in southeast. washroom1 wall is Yellow Log as well as uses Orange Wallpaper for floor. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. In addition, wall of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Green while uses Red Wallpaper for floor. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in west. Additionally, livingroom1 has Earth_color Ceramics floor, and has White Stone_Brick wall. livingroom1 is in center with 45 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1. Building layout contains two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 is in south with 6 square meters. washroom1 has Purple Marble wall, and uses Red Wood_Veneer for floor. washroom2 is in east with 13 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Cement_Board and Blue while floor is Painted_Wood and Pink. bedroom1 has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall, and floor is Green Ceramics. bedroom1 has 17 squares in northeast. bedroom2 uses Yellow Ceramic_Tile for floor while wall is Log and Orange. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, wall of bedroom3 is Stone_Brick and Gray as well as uses Purple Granite for floor. bedroom3 has 13 squares in southeast. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Blue Wallpaper while has Red Cement_Board floor. livingroom1 is in center with 44 square meters. Besides, wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and Orange as well as uses Black Wall_Cloth for floor. kitchen1 is in south with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Red Ceramics as well as floor is Coating and Pink. washroom2 has Gray Wood_Veneer wall while floor is Jade and Blue. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in east. livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick as well as wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 has 43 squares in west. study1 covers 11 square meters located in center. study1 wall is Orange Bamboo_Vine, and floor is Orange Quartz. In addition, bedroom1 has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Wood_color Wall_Cloth. bedroom1 is in east with 17 square meters. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Cement_Board and Black as well as has Black Marble floor. bedroom2 is in north with 6 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Black Quartz, and floor is Red Rock_Plate. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. Besides, balcony1 floor is White Bamboo_Vine as well as has Gray Log wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, two livingrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Red, and has Blue Bamboo_Vine floor. washroom1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 37 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Gray Mosaic while uses Pink Coating for floor. wall of livingroom2 is Coating and Earth_color as well as uses Purple Wallpaper for floor. livingroom2 is in west with 2 square meters. In addition, study1 uses Blue Wood_Grain for floor, and has White Bamboo_Vine wall. study1 has 11 squares in southeast. bedroom1 is in southwest with 14 square meters. bedroom1 has Yellow Jade floor while has Wood_color Quartz wall. bedroom2 has 12 squares in northwest. bedroom2 uses Black Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Blue Granite. Additionally, kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. kitchen1 wall is Gray Jade as well as floor is Ceramics and White. In addition, balcony1 uses Pink Log for floor, and wall is Pink Wall_Cloth. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1, livingroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to livingroom2. livingroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Pink Wood_Grain floor, and has Purple Ceramics wall. bedroom1 is in east with 12 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Blue Painted_Wood while floor is White Quartz. bedroom2 is in west with 9 square meters. washroom1 has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall as well as has Yellow Granite floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in south. In addition, washroom2 has 3 squares in center. washroom2 wall is Pink Marble, and floor is Green Rock_Plate. balcony1 wall is Wood_color Granite while has White Rock_Plate floor. balcony1 has 3 squares in east. livingroom1 is in center with 26 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Orange Cement_Board, and has Gray Quartz floor. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Log and Yellow as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Purple. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom2, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 is in north with 3 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and White, and floor is Earth_color Jade. bedroom1 floor is Orange Ceramics as well as has Pink Wood_Grain wall. bedroom1 has 12 squares in north. In addition, bedroom2 has 9 squares in west. bedroom2 uses Black Pure_Color_Wood for floor while has Black Bamboo_Vine wall. livingroom1 uses Purple Log for floor, and has Pink Cement_Board wall. livingroom1 has 26 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 has 6 squares in west. kitchen1 wall is Purple Ceramic_Tile as well as floor is Gray Jade. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom1 wall is Orange Wood_Veneer, and has Black Ceramic_Tile floor. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in east. wall of washroom2 is Granite and Earth_color while floor is Pink Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 is in southeast with 18 square meters. bedroom1 uses Black Jade for floor as well as wall is Black Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 has Orange Granite wall, and uses Gray Wall_Cloth for floor. bedroom3 has 11 squares in northeast. bedroom3 floor is Blue Coating while wall is Black Rock_Plate. Moreover, livingroom1 floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood, and wall is Earth_color Coating. livingroom1 covers 51 square meters located in center. balcony1 has Purple Marble wall as well as uses Gray Mosaic for floor. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom3 is next to washroom2, balcony1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Black Wood_Grain, and uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor. bedroom2 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall as well as uses Orange Ceramics for floor. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. In addition, washroom1 floor is Pink Log while wall is Blue Painted_Wood. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. balcony1 wall is Wood_color Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Quartz and Blue. balcony1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Red, and has Orange Quartz wall. livingroom1 has 29 squares in west. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and Earth_color as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Black. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile as well as uses Earth_color Rock_Plate for floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Orange Wall_Cloth, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. livingroom1 covers 22 square meters located in center. Moreover, corridor1 has 2 squares in center. corridor1 wall is Blue Wood_Grain as well as floor is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine. Additionally, bedroom1 uses Pink Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Wood_Veneer and Purple. bedroom1 has 13 squares in east. Besides, bedroom2 covers 7 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has Orange Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Marble and Gray. Additionally, kitchen1 is in west with 6 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Purple Stone_Brick while floor is Cement_Board and Black. Moreover, balcony1 wall is Yellow Coating as well as floor is Cement_Board and Pink. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1, corridor1. kitchen1, washroom1, corridor1 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to corridor1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Green Rock_Plate floor, and has White Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in west. Additionally, floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Orange while wall is Yellow Marble. bedroom2 has 10 squares in south. bedroom3 is in northwest with 9 square meters. floor of bedroom3 is Granite and Red as well as has Red Bamboo_Vine wall. Besides, washroom1 has 3 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Gray Ceramics, and floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. Additionally, balcony1 floor is Black Ceramics while wall is Yellow Painted_Wood. balcony1 has 6 squares in southeast. Besides, balcony2 is in northeast with 4 square meters. balcony2 has Pink Quartz wall as well as uses White Bamboo_Vine for floor. livingroom1 has 34 squares in east. livingroom1 has Wood_color Rock_Plate wall while floor is Purple Coating. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. floor of kitchen1 is Marble and Wood_color as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Blue. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, balcony2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has Yellow Ceramics wall as well as uses Wood_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. study1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. study1 floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood, and wall is Coating and Gray. bedroom1 has White Rock_Plate wall while floor is Orange Mosaic. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in north. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in center. bedroom2 has Red Wallpaper floor, and wall is White Rock_Plate. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Wall_Cloth while uses Gray Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 is in southeast with 28 square meters. kitchen1 is in southwest with 10 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Blue Ceramic_Tile, and has Yellow Coating wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, washroom1, study1. bedroom2, study1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray as well as floor is Marble and Green. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 floor is Black Granite while wall is Black Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1 has 12 squares in southwest. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in south. bedroom2 has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and Gray. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Yellow, and floor is Red Stone_Brick. livingroom1 has 35 squares in center. In addition, kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. floor of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Wood_color as well as wall is Wallpaper and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Black Ceramics floor as well as has Purple Coating wall. In addition, livingroom1 covers 22 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and White while has Yellow Wall_Cloth wall. balcony1 wall is Gray Mosaic as well as uses Yellow Cement_Board for floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one study, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink, and floor is Jade and Purple. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in southeast. study1 uses White Ceramic_Tile for floor while has Earth_color Cement_Board wall. study1 has 5 squares in center. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in north. floor of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Orange, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray as well as wall is Mosaic and Black. livingroom1 has 26 squares in west. wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and Wood_color, and floor is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. kitchen1 has 10 squares in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, study1, washroom1. study1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to study1, washroom1. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two washrooms, one study, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Wood_color Coating as well as floor is Mosaic and Pink. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. In addition, washroom2 wall is Red Stone_Brick while has White Ceramic_Tile floor. washroom2 is in north with 2 square meters. study1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. study1 has Red Ceramics floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Orange. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Pink Wood_Grain as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Black. Besides, bedroom1 wall is Yellow Cement_Board while uses Purple Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom1 is in southwest with 14 square meters. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Marble, and floor is Purple Wallpaper. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in west with 16 square meters. bedroom1 uses Yellow Ceramic_Tile for floor, and has Green Ceramics wall. floor of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Green while wall is Coating and Red. bedroom2 is in east with 13 square meters. In addition, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Orange Quartz, and uses White Wood_Grain for floor. balcony1 has 4 squares in west. balcony1 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has Blue Pure_Color_Wood floor. floor of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Yellow while wall is Ceramics and Pink. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in center. Additionally, kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Green, and floor is Coating and Wood_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Black Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Gray Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in north. floor of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Earth_color while wall is Black Quartz. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in center. bedroom3 has Pink Wood_Veneer floor as well as has Gray Ceramics wall. bedroom3 is in northwest with 11 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Purple, and has Gray Mosaic floor. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 has 4 squares in north. wall of washroom2 is Mosaic and Red while floor is Red Stone_Brick. In addition, balcony1 has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. balcony2 has Black Marble floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. balcony2 has 3 squares in southwest. livingroom1 wall is White Painted_Wood as well as uses Gray Coating for floor. livingroom1 covers 40 square meters located in south. kitchen1 has Yellow Mosaic wall, and has Wood_color Coating floor. kitchen1 is in west with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. floor of washroom1 is Quartz and Blue, and wall is Coating and Wood_color. In addition, livingroom1 has Green Coating wall while floor is Bamboo_Vine and White. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in center. bedroom1 wall is Black Stone_Brick as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Gray. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, three washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Earth_color as well as uses Purple Log for floor. bedroom1 has 12 squares in east. In addition, bedroom2 floor is White Quartz, and wall is Coating and Yellow. bedroom2 is in southwest with 11 square meters. Additionally, bedroom3 wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer while uses Black Granite for floor. bedroom3 is in south with 10 square meters. washroom1 has 5 squares in southeast. washroom1 floor is Red Wood_Veneer as well as has Green Quartz wall. wall of washroom2 is Quartz and Purple, and uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor. washroom2 is in south with 4 square meters. Besides, washroom3 has 2 squares in south. floor of washroom3 is Bamboo_Vine and Blue as well as wall is Coating and Blue. balcony1 has Gray Painted_Wood wall, and uses Pink Log for floor. balcony1 is in northeast with 11 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 has Earth_color Log wall as well as uses Yellow Painted_Wood for floor. livingroom1 has 29 squares in west. kitchen1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Yellow Wallpaper wall while floor is Ceramics and Green. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1. washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. balcony1 is next to kitchen1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in north with 16 square meters. bedroom1 floor is White Quartz, and has Purple Wood_Veneer wall. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in center. bedroom2 has Red Mosaic floor as well as wall is Mosaic and White. Besides, wall of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Green while uses Blue Rock_Plate for floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in south. Additionally, balcony1 is in north with 6 square meters. balcony1 uses Earth_color Granite for floor as well as wall is Blue Log. livingroom1 has Pink Coating floor, and has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall. livingroom1 is in center with 34 square meters. Besides, wall of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Purple as well as floor is Yellow Wallpaper. kitchen1 has 6 squares in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 6 squares in west. washroom1 wall is White Quartz as well as floor is Red Log. livingroom1 wall is Orange Quartz, and has Pink Stone_Brick floor. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in south. floor of study1 is Stone_Brick and Orange while wall is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile. study1 has 5 squares in east. Moreover, bedroom1 has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile floor as well as has White Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom1 is in west with 11 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 is in north with 11 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Black Wall_Cloth, and wall is Earth_color Mosaic. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 uses Earth_color Log for floor as well as wall is Gray Coating. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. balcony1 wall is Green Bamboo_Vine while uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, study1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, balcony1. kitchen1 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Blue, and has Gray Pure_Color_Wood floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. In addition, livingroom1 uses Green Log for floor while has Earth_color Cement_Board wall. livingroom1 is in center with 31 square meters. study1 has 7 squares in west. wall of study1 is Marble and Black, and floor is Green Wall_Cloth. Moreover, bedroom1 has 15 squares in east. bedroom1 wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine while uses Purple Pure_Color_Wood for floor. bedroom2 has 8 squares in center. bedroom2 has Earth_color Coating floor, and wall is Painted_Wood and Purple. kitchen1 has 9 squares in west. kitchen1 has Blue Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Granite and White. Besides, wall of balcony1 is Rock_Plate and Red, and uses Purple Log for floor. balcony1 is in east with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to study1. study1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Stone_Brick as well as wall is Log and Green. Additionally, bedroom2 has Black Jade wall while has Purple Log floor. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in east. Besides, bedroom3 is in east with 8 square meters. bedroom3 uses Black Granite for floor, and wall is Orange Granite. In addition, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 floor is Wood_color Granite as well as has Green Wallpaper wall. Additionally, washroom2 floor is Yellow Marble while has Blue Granite wall. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. In addition, balcony1 has Green Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Red Ceramics. balcony1 is in west with 7 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Jade and Orange while has Black Wood_Veneer floor. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southeast. wall of kitchen1 is Jade and Red as well as floor is Log and Blue. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, kitchen1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 is next to washroom2. Building layout contains three washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 has Red Jade wall, and has Pink Stone_Brick floor. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. washroom2 wall is White Painted_Wood while floor is Painted_Wood and White. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in north. washroom3 floor is Green Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Stone_Brick and White. washroom3 has 2 squares in center. Additionally, floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and Wood_color as well as wall is Pink Granite. livingroom1 is in center with 34 square meters. study1 has 8 squares in northwest. wall of study1 is Painted_Wood and Pink, and uses White Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom1 has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall while floor is Purple Quartz. bedroom1 is in southeast with 14 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 has 11 squares in center. bedroom2 has Red Quartz wall, and floor is Ceramics and Earth_color. Additionally, bedroom3 is in northeast with 10 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Orange Ceramics as well as has Orange Granite floor. Moreover, kitchen1 has White Bamboo_Vine wall, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Purple. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. In addition, balcony1 is in south with 5 square meters. balcony1 uses White Mosaic for floor as well as has Blue Coating wall. Besides, balcony2 is in northwest with 3 square meters. balcony2 has White Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Black Jade. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2, washroom3. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. balcony2 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2, washroom3. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in southeast. floor of bedroom1 is Coating and Yellow, and has Earth_color Log wall. In addition, bedroom2 has 11 squares in northwest. bedroom2 has Green Mosaic floor while wall is Ceramics and Pink. Additionally, washroom1 has Black Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Coating and Earth_color. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. Besides, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in north. balcony1 has Red Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood. Moreover, livingroom1 has Blue Painted_Wood wall, and has Orange Jade floor. livingroom1 is in center with 32 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 has 6 squares in southwest. kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Cement_Board as well as uses Red Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, floor of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Pink, and has Gray Ceramics wall. bedroom1 has 19 squares in southwest. Moreover, washroom1 uses Yellow Marble for floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Gray. washroom1 has 3 squares in northwest. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Log and Green. livingroom1 uses Blue Granite for floor as well as wall is Coating and Black. livingroom1 has 42 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Stone_Brick and Purple. bedroom1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Pink Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Black. bedroom1 has 15 squares in northwest. Moreover, bedroom2 has Orange Jade wall, and uses Purple Wood_Grain for floor. bedroom2 is in north with 13 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Purple Coating as well as wall is Marble and Red. bedroom3 has 9 squares in southwest. Additionally, washroom1 has Pink Wood_Veneer wall while floor is Wood_Grain and Red. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom2 has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall, and has White Painted_Wood floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in south. balcony1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. balcony1 has Earth_color Wallpaper floor as well as wall is Yellow Jade. balcony2 has Pink Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Orange Ceramics. balcony2 is in south with 3 square meters. livingroom1 is in east with 32 square meters. livingroom1 has Blue Marble floor, and wall is Pink Painted_Wood. Besides, floor of kitchen1 is Granite and Blue while wall is Painted_Wood and Green. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2, balcony2. washroom2, balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to balcony2. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 is in west with 3 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Ceramics and Black as well as floor is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood. In addition, washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in center. wall of washroom2 is Log and Blue, and has Wood_color Wood_Veneer floor. Besides, livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in south. floor of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and White while has Pink Wallpaper wall. study1 is in east with 9 square meters. study1 has Wood_color Wood_Veneer floor, and has Green Painted_Wood wall. In addition, wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Red as well as has White Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom1 is in north with 14 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 floor is Red Pure_Color_Wood while has Purple Mosaic wall. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in north. Besides, kitchen1 uses Gray Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Purple Quartz. kitchen1 has 7 squares in southwest. balcony1 is in east with 10 square meters. balcony1 floor is Gray Quartz while wall is White Wood_Veneer. balcony2 has 5 squares in west. balcony2 floor is White Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Black Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2, study1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2. balcony1 is adjacent to study1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. balcony2 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 is next to washroom2. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Marble and Orange as well as floor is White Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 covers 39 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Purple Marble wall, and has White Jade floor. bedroom1 has 12 squares in east. bedroom1 uses Blue Mosaic for floor while wall is Jade and Orange. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in west with 14 square meters. bedroom1 has Blue Quartz wall as well as has Black Painted_Wood floor. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has Black Quartz wall, and floor is Orange Painted_Wood. Moreover, washroom1 wall is Orange Coating while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Purple. washroom1 has 4 squares in center. washroom2 has Purple Coating floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Green. washroom2 has 3 squares in center. Besides, balcony1 has 5 squares in west. wall of balcony1 is Marble and Blue while floor is Yellow Jade. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray, and has Wood_color Painted_Wood floor. Moreover, livingroom2 has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. livingroom2 has 6 squares in east. kitchen1 is in east with 3 square meters. kitchen1 has Red Quartz wall, and floor is Quartz and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2, balcony1, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. livingroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one bedroom, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 14 squares in north. bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Stone_Brick, and has White Pure_Color_Wood wall. Moreover, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in center. wall of washroom1 is Marble and Gray as well as floor is Orange Cement_Board. Besides, balcony1 has 4 squares in east. balcony1 uses Blue Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Coating and Pink. balcony2 is in west with 3 square meters. floor of balcony2 is Wood_Veneer and Blue as well as wall is Gray Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 is in south with 17 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue, and has Gray Pure_Color_Wood floor. kitchen1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Marble and Red as well as has Earth_color Wood_Grain floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in south with 3 square meters. washroom1 has Blue Wood_Grain floor as well as has Gray Mosaic wall. livingroom1 has 33 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Purple Wood_Grain, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Black. study1 has 6 squares in east. floor of study1 is Mosaic and Green as well as wall is Pink Log. bedroom1 is in north with 16 square meters. bedroom1 has Earth_color Painted_Wood floor, and wall is White Marble. bedroom2 floor is White Granite while wall is Black Log. bedroom2 is in southeast with 8 square meters. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in south. kitchen1 uses Blue Mosaic for floor, and wall is Jade and Green. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony1 has Yellow Rock_Plate wall as well as floor is Log and Earth_color. bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1, balcony1. bedroom2, washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to study1, washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in east. bedroom1 wall is White Rock_Plate as well as has Pink Ceramics floor. bedroom2 has Green Marble wall while floor is Yellow Wood_Grain. bedroom2 has 8 squares in center. washroom1 is in southeast with 3 square meters. washroom1 uses Yellow Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Purple. balcony1 has 5 squares in northeast. balcony1 floor is Red Wood_Grain while wall is Yellow Coating. wall of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Earth_color as well as has Purple Ceramic_Tile floor. livingroom1 is in south with 21 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 floor is Green Quartz, and wall is Yellow Granite. kitchen1 has 5 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 uses Orange Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Jade and Blue. bedroom1 is in center with 13 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 is in southwest with 11 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Log and Red while floor is Blue Wood_Grain. In addition, washroom1 has 5 squares in south. floor of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Wood_color as well as wall is Black Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 floor is Green Coating while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. balcony1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine as well as has Purple Rock_Plate floor. livingroom1 is in center with 30 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Black while floor is Cement_Board and Earth_color. kitchen1 is in southeast with 9 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in east. washroom1 wall is Gray Ceramics as well as uses Gray Quartz for floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in northeast. washroom2 has Wood_color Quartz floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and Purple. livingroom1 has 54 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Orange Quartz for floor, and wall is Purple Painted_Wood. study1 floor is Orange Jade as well as wall is Earth_color Stone_Brick. study1 has 12 squares in northeast. Additionally, bedroom1 is in southeast with 42 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Log and Wood_color while uses Orange Granite for floor. Moreover, bedroom2 is in south with 42 square meters. bedroom2 has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall as well as uses Gray Ceramics for floor. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has Pink Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Log and Earth_color. In addition, balcony1 uses Gray Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Red Wallpaper. balcony1 has 5 squares in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to kitchen1, washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has Blue Wallpaper wall, and uses Green Stone_Brick for floor. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. In addition, wall of washroom2 is Coating and Yellow as well as floor is Cement_Board and Wood_color. washroom2 is in west with 4 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in east. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Ceramics, and uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor. closet1 covers 3 square meters located in center. closet1 has Black Granite wall as well as has Red Rock_Plate floor. study1 floor is Gray Marble, and wall is Green Jade. study1 is in south with 11 square meters. Besides, bedroom1 has 14 squares in southwest. bedroom1 uses Green Wood_Veneer for floor as well as has White Painted_Wood wall. Additionally, bedroom2 has 12 squares in northwest. bedroom2 wall is White Painted_Wood, and floor is Cement_Board and Purple. kitchen1 floor is Pink Wood_Veneer while wall is Wood_Veneer and Gray. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. balcony1 is in southeast with 9 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Orange as well as uses Wood_color Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2, closet1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to study1, washroom1, closet1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom2. study1 is adjacent to balcony1, closet1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 floor is Gray Painted_Wood as well as wall is Green Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 is in west with 13 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Wallpaper, and floor is Yellow Wood_Veneer. bedroom2 is in center with 10 square meters. washroom1 wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile while has Purple Cement_Board floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. Moreover, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 wall is Blue Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. In addition, balcony2 has Purple Log floor as well as has Blue Painted_Wood wall. balcony2 is in northeast with 2 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 has 24 squares in south. floor of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Red while has Orange Wall_Cloth wall. Besides, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in east. floor of kitchen1 is Quartz and Purple as well as wall is Painted_Wood and White. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1. kitchen1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in southeast with 13 square meters. bedroom1 has White Mosaic wall, and has Earth_color Ceramics floor. floor of bedroom2 is Ceramics and Orange while wall is Wall_Cloth and Black. bedroom2 has 11 squares in south. bedroom3 has Blue Stone_Brick wall, and floor is White Quartz. bedroom3 is in north with 8 square meters. Additionally, washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Granite and Red while has White Mosaic wall. Besides, washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom2 floor is Pink Rock_Plate as well as has Green Jade wall. Additionally, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. floor of balcony1 is Jade and Earth_color, and wall is Wood_color Ceramics. balcony2 has 3 squares in north. floor of balcony2 is Jade and Red as well as wall is Green Marble. Moreover, livingroom1 has 31 squares in west. livingroom1 wall is Pink Coating, and uses Orange Painted_Wood for floor. kitchen1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. kitchen1 floor is White Jade while wall is Red Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom2, balcony2. washroom2 is adjacent to balcony2. The house plan has three washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. washroom1 has Wood_color Jade wall, and floor is Orange Wood_Grain. Additionally, washroom2 wall is Red Wallpaper as well as floor is Black Stone_Brick. washroom2 has 5 squares in north. washroom3 has Gray Wall_Cloth floor while has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom3 covers 2 square meters located in center. Moreover, livingroom1 has Green Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 covers 41 square meters located in west. closet1 floor is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine while has Wood_color Ceramics wall. closet1 covers 4 square meters located in east. Additionally, study1 wall is Orange Ceramics as well as has Gray Granite floor. study1 is in south with 9 square meters. bedroom1 has Gray Wood_Veneer wall while floor is Gray Wood_Grain. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has 14 squares in center. floor of bedroom2 is Granite and Red, and wall is Red Pure_Color_Wood. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in south. kitchen1 wall is Green Ceramics while floor is Wall_Cloth and Green. Moreover, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. balcony1 has Wood_color Rock_Plate wall as well as floor is Pink Quartz. Additionally, balcony2 is in southeast with 5 square meters. balcony2 has Green Wood_Grain wall while uses White Jade for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, balcony2, closet1. washroom1, washroom2, closet1, washroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to kitchen1, balcony2. closet1 and washroom1 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom1 has Yellow Log wall, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. Additionally, bedroom1 is in northwest with 11 square meters. bedroom1 has Green Wood_Veneer wall while floor is Coating and Black. In addition, bedroom2 has Earth_color Log wall as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and White. bedroom2 is in southwest with 10 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. livingroom1 uses Yellow Cement_Board for floor while wall is Mosaic and Wood_color. kitchen1 has Red Mosaic wall, and floor is Log and Yellow. kitchen1 has 7 squares in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, floor of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Purple, and wall is Marble and Green. bedroom1 is in southwest with 16 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 is in west with 11 square meters. bedroom2 has White Marble wall while uses Purple Marble for floor. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in center. bedroom3 wall is Black Mosaic, and floor is Yellow Cement_Board. Besides, washroom1 floor is Black Quartz as well as wall is Green Jade. washroom1 has 6 squares in center. Additionally, washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in south. wall of washroom2 is Stone_Brick and Earth_color while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color. Besides, balcony1 has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall, and has Orange Stone_Brick floor. balcony1 is in northeast with 8 square meters. Moreover, floor of balcony2 is Cement_Board and Blue while wall is Yellow Cement_Board. balcony2 is in northwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in north. livingroom1 floor is Gray Coating, and wall is Cement_Board and Pink. floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray as well as wall is Ceramics and Yellow. kitchen1 has 7 squares in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony1 is next to kitchen1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in south with 17 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Black Jade, and wall is Purple Rock_Plate. bedroom2 has Purple Jade floor as well as wall is Red Log. bedroom2 is in east with 8 square meters. Additionally, floor of bedroom3 is Painted_Wood and Blue, and wall is Gray Log. bedroom3 has 6 squares in north. Besides, washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Granite and Red while floor is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom2 floor is Purple Wood_Veneer, and wall is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. balcony1 has Pink Ceramics floor as well as wall is Quartz and Green. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. Moreover, livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. livingroom1 has Wood_color Rock_Plate wall, and floor is Yellow Granite. In addition, kitchen1 is in north with 4 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and White as well as floor is Cement_Board and Purple. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Blue Rock_Plate floor, and wall is Quartz and Earth_color. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in east. Moreover, bedroom2 has Blue Quartz floor as well as wall is Green Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Red Log wall, and uses Purple Quartz for floor. washroom1 is in west with 3 square meters. balcony1 has Blue Painted_Wood wall as well as uses Earth_color Ceramic_Tile for floor. balcony1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. livingroom1 has Gray Quartz floor while has Gray Wall_Cloth wall. livingroom1 has 23 squares in south. Besides, kitchen1 has Green Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Black Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, floor of washroom1 is Granite and Black, and wall is Black Stone_Brick. washroom1 has 6 squares in northeast. Moreover, washroom2 has 5 squares in east. floor of washroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Orange as well as wall is Purple Wallpaper. Besides, floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and Blue, and has Blue Wall_Cloth wall. livingroom1 is in center with 38 square meters. Additionally, closet1 is in north with 5 square meters. closet1 uses Orange Log for floor as well as wall is Log and Red. Moreover, bedroom1 is in north with 13 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and White, and wall is Stone_Brick and Pink. floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color while wall is Yellow Coating. bedroom2 is in center with 11 square meters. Besides, bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 uses Green Jade for floor as well as wall is Black Quartz. kitchen1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. kitchen1 has Black Ceramic_Tile floor while has Red Painted_Wood wall. Moreover, balcony1 wall is Wood_color Wood_Veneer, and has Blue Mosaic floor. balcony1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. In addition, balcony2 is in southeast with 4 square meters. balcony2 uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2, closet1, balcony2. bedroom2, closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, closet1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. washroom1 is adjacent to closet1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in west with 16 square meters. bedroom1 has Earth_color Jade floor, and has Green Coating wall. In addition, bedroom2 wall is White Wallpaper while floor is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. bedroom2 has 9 squares in south. bedroom3 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Red Stone_Brick as well as has Purple Wood_Veneer wall. washroom1 floor is Orange Wood_Grain while wall is Wood_color Granite. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. Moreover, washroom2 is in south with 5 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Granite and Blue, and has Green Stone_Brick floor. balcony1 uses Purple Log for floor while wall is Red Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 covers 9 square meters located in southeast. floor of balcony2 is Stone_Brick and Pink as well as has Pink Rock_Plate wall. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. Additionally, livingroom1 has 31 squares in east. livingroom1 uses Green Cement_Board for floor while wall is Wallpaper and Wood_color. Moreover, kitchen1 floor is Red Wood_Grain, and wall is Granite and Yellow. kitchen1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom2, kitchen1, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. balcony1 is next to washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 uses Blue Quartz for floor, and wall is Yellow Coating. washroom1 has 3 squares in south. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Yellow while has Yellow Log floor. study1 has Green Log wall as well as has Red Wallpaper floor. study1 has 10 squares in center. bedroom1 uses Purple Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. bedroom1 is in southeast with 16 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 has 10 squares in west. bedroom2 uses Wood_color Log for floor as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Wood_color. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow, and floor is Ceramics and Yellow. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, balcony1 is in east with 6 square meters. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood while uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor. Besides, balcony2 is in west with 5 square meters. balcony2 uses White Wall_Cloth for floor as well as has Orange Quartz wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to study1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1. study1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall as well as uses Orange Jade for floor. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in west. bedroom2 wall is Black Coating while floor is Ceramics and Red. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in center. bedroom3 wall is Orange Ceramics as well as uses Purple Bamboo_Vine for floor. washroom1 has 7 squares in north. washroom1 has Blue Wood_Veneer wall, and has Gray Marble floor. balcony1 has Wood_color Quartz wall as well as floor is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. balcony1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. wall of balcony2 is Mosaic and Yellow while has Orange Pure_Color_Wood floor. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in south. livingroom1 uses Green Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Red. livingroom1 has 37 squares in east. In addition, kitchen1 wall is White Cement_Board while has Purple Wood_Grain floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 18 squares in northwest. bedroom1 has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall, and has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor. bedroom2 is in east with 12 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Black Jade as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Green. In addition, bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in west. bedroom3 has Green Cement_Board floor while has Wood_color Granite wall. Besides, wall of washroom1 is Coating and Green, and has White Pure_Color_Wood floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. balcony1 has Black Painted_Wood floor while has Black Jade wall. balcony1 has 5 squares in southwest. Additionally, livingroom1 has 26 squares in south. livingroom1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Blue Painted_Wood. livingroom2 has 16 squares in southeast. wall of livingroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color, and has Gray Quartz floor. kitchen1 uses Red Log for floor as well as has Purple Log wall. kitchen1 is in east with 2 square meters. bedroom1, livingroom2, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom2, kitchen1 and livingroom2 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has Orange Jade floor as well as has Blue Wood_Veneer wall. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, bedroom1 has Orange Wood_Grain floor, and has Blue Granite wall. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. bedroom2 wall is Pink Mosaic as well as uses Green Quartz for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Wood_color Log for floor while wall is Log and Earth_color. livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. kitchen1 has Black Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is White Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 floor is Wood_color Marble as well as wall is Yellow Wood_Grain. washroom1 is in center with 5 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in center. floor of washroom2 is Log and Earth_color, and wall is Orange Cement_Board. floor of bedroom1 is Coating and Orange while wall is Wood_color Quartz. bedroom1 has 14 squares in west. bedroom2 has 12 squares in west. bedroom2 uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Coating and Red. In addition, floor of bedroom3 is Bamboo_Vine and Green, and has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom3 has 10 squares in east. livingroom1 is in center with 33 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Log while has Pink Ceramics floor. Moreover, balcony1 has Black Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Green Quartz. balcony1 has 5 squares in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray, and wall is Cement_Board and Black. bedroom1 is in southeast with 13 square meters. bedroom2 is in northwest with 12 square meters. bedroom2 has Green Bamboo_Vine wall as well as uses Pink Wood_Veneer for floor. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Log and Black while uses Wood_color Wood_Veneer for floor. floor of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Gray as well as has Blue Marble wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. floor of balcony2 is Painted_Wood and Pink while wall is Granite and Purple. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in east. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. livingroom1 uses Yellow Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Ceramics and Earth_color. Besides, kitchen1 uses Gray Painted_Wood for floor while has Yellow Cement_Board wall. kitchen1 has 5 squares in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony2. The house plan has three washrooms, one livingroom, one corridor, four bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 is in west with 7 square meters. washroom1 has Orange Mosaic wall, and floor is Stone_Brick and Pink. In addition, washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in south. washroom2 wall is Yellow Coating while floor is Wall_Cloth and Pink. Besides, washroom3 has Green Log floor, and wall is Coating and White. washroom3 has 2 squares in center. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Blue Log. livingroom1 covers 39 square meters located in east. Additionally, corridor1 uses Earth_color Granite for floor, and wall is Gray Rock_Plate. corridor1 has 7 squares in southeast. Besides, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in north. floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Orange as well as wall is Granite and Pink. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and White while has Red Jade floor. bedroom2 has 17 squares in west. bedroom3 has 10 squares in center. bedroom3 has White Coating wall as well as uses Orange Marble for floor. bedroom4 is in south with 9 square meters. bedroom4 has White Bamboo_Vine floor, and wall is Yellow Granite. Additionally, kitchen1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. kitchen1 uses Red Marble for floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Gray. In addition, balcony1 has 6 squares in northeast. floor of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Black while has Black Wall_Cloth wall. balcony2 uses Black Jade for floor as well as has Blue Painted_Wood wall. balcony2 has 5 squares in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, bedroom4, kitchen1, corridor1, balcony1, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3, balcony1. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom4 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. balcony2, washroom2, washroom3 and kitchen1 are connected. corridor1 is adjacent to balcony2. balcony2 is next to washroom2. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Earth_color Cement_Board, and has Gray Granite floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. Moreover, washroom2 floor is Orange Ceramic_Tile while wall is Wall_Cloth and Orange. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. Besides, wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Purple as well as floor is Green Jade. livingroom1 is in center with 40 square meters. Moreover, study1 wall is Blue Painted_Wood while floor is Stone_Brick and Blue. study1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. Besides, bedroom1 is in northwest with 15 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Blue Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Purple Log. bedroom2 has Wood_color Cement_Board floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. bedroom2 has 11 squares in northeast. In addition, bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in east. wall of bedroom3 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow, and floor is Painted_Wood and White. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 uses Blue Coating for floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. Moreover, balcony1 is in west with 7 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Red as well as uses Red Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, study1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to study1. kitchen1 is next to study1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 wall is Wood_color Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Wood_color Mosaic. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom2 uses Black Marble for floor, and has Pink Cement_Board wall. floor of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Green while has Black Quartz wall. livingroom1 has 46 squares in center. closet1 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is White Marble. closet1 covers 9 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 is in northeast with 16 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Green Stone_Brick, and wall is White Rock_Plate. bedroom2 has White Wood_Veneer floor while wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer. bedroom2 is in northwest with 11 square meters. bedroom3 has Red Granite floor, and has White Rock_Plate wall. bedroom3 has 10 squares in west. floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Gray as well as has Blue Rock_Plate wall. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in south. Additionally, balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in west. floor of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Red while wall is Quartz and Green. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, closet1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom2. washroom1 is next to washroom2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Wallpaper and Green, and floor is Rock_Plate and Gray. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. livingroom1 floor is Gray Quartz as well as wall is Blue Wallpaper. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. Moreover, study1 covers 10 square meters located in west. study1 floor is Pink Bamboo_Vine, and has White Coating wall. In addition, bedroom1 floor is Gray Jade as well as wall is Log and Red. bedroom1 is in southwest with 13 square meters. bedroom2 has Orange Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Red Log. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in southeast. Besides, kitchen1 has Blue Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. wall of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Green, and floor is Painted_Wood and Orange. balcony1 has 7 squares in south. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. wall of balcony2 is Ceramics and Green as well as has Pink Stone_Brick floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to study1. washroom1 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. washroom1 is next to balcony2. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom1 uses Black Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Ceramics and Earth_color. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in north. washroom2 uses Green Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Coating and Black. livingroom1 is in center with 43 square meters. livingroom1 uses White Rock_Plate for floor while wall is White Marble. Moreover, study1 covers 3 square meters located in north. study1 uses Earth_color Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Earth_color Jade. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in north. bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Coating as well as uses Black Cement_Board for floor. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Orange, and uses White Cement_Board for floor. bedroom2 has 14 squares in east. floor of bedroom3 is Quartz and Orange while has Pink Stone_Brick wall. bedroom3 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, kitchen1 has Red Wallpaper floor as well as has Yellow Ceramics wall. kitchen1 is in south with 7 square meters. balcony1 has 6 squares in west. balcony1 has Black Ceramics floor, and wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom2, study1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, study1. washroom2 is next to study1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, and three bedrooms. In practice, washroom1 has 9 squares in east. floor of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Earth_color as well as has Yellow Ceramics wall. washroom2 has 4 squares in west. wall of washroom2 is Wallpaper and Earth_color while uses Earth_color Wood_Veneer for floor. wall of livingroom1 is Jade and White, and has Earth_color Painted_Wood floor. livingroom1 covers 59 square meters located in center. Moreover, bedroom1 uses Red Ceramic_Tile for floor while wall is Gray Log. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 has 13 squares in southeast. bedroom2 uses Red Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Black Rock_Plate. Additionally, bedroom3 has Purple Wood_Veneer floor while wall is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. bedroom3 is in northeast with 12 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. floor of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Gray, and has White Painted_Wood wall. floor of study1 is Ceramic_Tile and Red while has Red Marble wall. study1 is in northeast with 11 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Blue as well as has Purple Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom1 is in southwest with 15 square meters. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 has Blue Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Green Ceramics. Additionally, floor of livingroom1 is Granite and Yellow, and has Pink Granite wall. livingroom1 is in center with 43 square meters. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 has Black Quartz wall as well as has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to kitchen1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 has 6 squares in west. wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Orange as well as floor is White Rock_Plate. washroom2 has 42 squares in west. washroom2 has Gray Ceramics wall while floor is Black Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 is in center with 42 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Coating and Orange as well as floor is Marble and Pink. Additionally, study1 has Black Marble wall, and floor is Orange Ceramic_Tile. study1 has 9 squares in northeast. Moreover, bedroom1 has 16 squares in southwest. bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate as well as floor is Wood_color Marble. bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has Green Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Black Rock_Plate. In addition, wall of bedroom3 is Wood_Veneer and Pink, and uses White Marble for floor. bedroom3 is in northwest with 13 square meters. kitchen1 has Wood_color Rock_Plate wall as well as floor is Coating and White. kitchen1 has 8 squares in north. balcony1 is in south with 7 square meters. balcony1 wall is Green Quartz while floor is Wood_Grain and Orange. balcony2 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. floor of balcony2 is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Green. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony2, washroom2. bedroom2 is next to washroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. study1 is next to kitchen1, washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2. balcony1 is next to balcony2, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. House has two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 is in northwest with 3 square meters. washroom1 floor is Pink Log as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Blue. washroom2 wall is Yellow Granite while floor is Coating and White. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in west. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 uses Black Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in south. bedroom2 uses Pink Rock_Plate for floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and Orange. wall of bedroom3 is Wallpaper and Yellow as well as floor is Yellow Coating. bedroom3 covers 6 square meters located in west. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color while floor is Green Mosaic. livingroom1 covers 45 square meters located in east. kitchen1 has 7 squares in southeast. wall of kitchen1 is Jade and Gray as well as floor is Marble and Gray. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in north with 23 square meters. bedroom1 uses Wood_color Granite for floor as well as wall is Jade and Earth_color. bedroom2 is in center with 13 square meters. bedroom2 has Red Wood_Veneer floor, and has Wood_color Wood_Veneer wall. Moreover, bedroom3 wall is Green Ceramics as well as floor is Green Wall_Cloth. bedroom3 has 12 squares in northwest. Additionally, washroom1 has Purple Stone_Brick wall while uses Green Wall_Cloth for floor. washroom1 has 6 squares in west. Besides, washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. washroom2 has Red Ceramic_Tile wall as well as uses Earth_color Mosaic for floor. balcony1 floor is Orange Mosaic while has Earth_color Quartz wall. balcony1 is in southeast with 11 square meters. balcony2 is in west with 5 square meters. balcony2 wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine as well as floor is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 41 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Granite and Green while wall is Yellow Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 is in southwest with 9 square meters. kitchen1 uses Yellow Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and White. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. The house plan has one study, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of study1 is Rock_Plate and Black, and has Orange Log floor. study1 is in southeast with 11 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Green Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Pink Ceramics. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in center. kitchen1 uses Black Ceramics for floor, and wall is Gray Marble. kitchen1 has 7 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to study1, kitchen1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Earth_color as well as has White Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. Moreover, washroom2 uses Blue Ceramics for floor while wall is Quartz and Black. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. floor of livingroom1 is Jade and Red as well as wall is Granite and Blue. livingroom1 covers 40 square meters located in center. Besides, study1 has 7 squares in east. study1 uses Yellow Quartz for floor while has Blue Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1 has 18 squares in southwest. bedroom1 has Orange Wallpaper wall, and uses Blue Marble for floor. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Marble and Green as well as has Gray Granite floor. bedroom2 has 10 squares in northeast. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 floor is Wood_color Granite, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Black. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in center. kitchen1 uses Gray Rock_Plate for floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Orange. balcony1 wall is Pink Mosaic as well as uses Blue Wood_Grain for floor. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. The building contains three washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and three balconys. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Jade and Orange, and uses Black Ceramic_Tile for floor. washroom1 has 6 squares in northeast. In addition, floor of washroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow as well as wall is Green Wood_Veneer. washroom2 has 3 squares in north. washroom3 floor is Green Coating while wall is Green Mosaic. washroom3 has 2 squares in center. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Coating and Pink, and has Wood_color Rock_Plate floor. livingroom1 has 39 squares in west. closet1 is in east with 3 square meters. closet1 has White Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Gray Marble. Besides, study1 has Red Jade floor while has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile wall. study1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 has 15 squares in east. wall of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color as well as uses Pink Bamboo_Vine for floor. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in center. bedroom2 uses Orange Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Gray Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 has Gray Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Earth_color Marble. kitchen1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. balcony1 uses Red Cement_Board for floor while wall is White Bamboo_Vine. Moreover, balcony2 uses Gray Ceramics for floor, and has Pink Wallpaper wall. balcony2 is in northeast with 4 square meters. Besides, balcony3 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. balcony3 floor is Red Mosaic as well as has Red Stone_Brick wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, balcony1, balcony3, washroom2, closet1, washroom3. bedroom2, closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony3. washroom1, balcony2, washroom2, washroom3 and study1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to closet1. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, two livingrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 floor is Orange Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Quartz and Orange. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. Moreover, wall of washroom2 is Wood_Grain and Pink, and has Green Wood_Veneer floor. washroom2 has 2 squares in north. livingroom1 uses Red Wood_Veneer for floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Green. livingroom1 is in center with 30 square meters. Additionally, livingroom2 is in south with 13 square meters. livingroom2 floor is Green Log, and wall is Red Granite. Moreover, study1 uses Earth_color Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as wall is Wood_color Cement_Board. study1 has 12 squares in west. floor of bedroom1 is Jade and Yellow while has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall. bedroom1 is in northeast with 15 square meters. bedroom2 has 12 squares in northwest. bedroom2 has White Bamboo_Vine wall as well as floor is Orange Ceramic_Tile. Besides, kitchen1 floor is Red Painted_Wood, and has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. Additionally, balcony1 has Yellow Ceramic_Tile floor as well as has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall. balcony1 is in east with 8 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, livingroom2, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2. study1 is adjacent to livingroom2, bedroom2, kitchen1. livingroom2 is next to kitchen1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has Purple Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is White Log. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. Moreover, livingroom1 has 17 squares in east. livingroom1 has Wood_color Jade floor while wall is Pink Stone_Brick. study1 has Red Wood_Grain floor, and has Blue Pure_Color_Wood wall. study1 has 6 squares in center. In addition, bedroom1 wall is Gray Ceramics as well as has Gray Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom1 has 15 squares in west. Besides, kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in east. kitchen1 wall is Red Log, and floor is Ceramics and White. balcony1 has 5 squares in west. balcony1 wall is White Bamboo_Vine while has Red Log floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, study1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to study1, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and study1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in south. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Black as well as wall is Ceramics and Red. bedroom1 is in north with 19 square meters. bedroom1 uses Black Rock_Plate for floor while wall is Red Jade. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in south. bedroom2 floor is Earth_color Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Cement_Board and White. livingroom1 wall is Red Painted_Wood while uses Black Stone_Brick for floor. livingroom1 covers 24 square meters located in south. balcony1 is in center with 4 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Green as well as has Wood_color Jade floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. bedroom1 uses Earth_color Jade for floor, and has Gray Wallpaper wall. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Black Pure_Color_Wood while has Red Mosaic wall. bedroom2 is in east with 12 square meters. Besides, bedroom3 uses Black Granite for floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and White. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in north. Moreover, washroom1 uses Blue Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Wood_color Marble. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. Additionally, balcony1 has 5 squares in southwest. balcony1 has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has Orange Wood_Grain floor. livingroom1 uses Pink Marble for floor, and wall is Red Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 is in center with 33 square meters. kitchen1 is in east with 6 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Red Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Orange Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, kitchen1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 12 squares in southeast. bedroom1 floor is Orange Granite, and wall is Black Coating. floor of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and White while wall is Stone_Brick and Green. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 uses Green Marble for floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Black. washroom1 is in east with 3 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 floor is Purple Wallpaper as well as has White Ceramics wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. livingroom1 floor is Gray Pure_Color_Wood, and wall is Gray Stone_Brick. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. kitchen1 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall while has Green Log floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has three washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Pink Log wall, and floor is Wood_color Ceramics. washroom2 has 4 squares in east. washroom2 wall is Green Mosaic while has Wood_color Marble floor. washroom3 wall is Purple Cement_Board as well as has Yellow Rock_Plate floor. washroom3 is in center with 2 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 is in west with 39 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Ceramics, and floor is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. Additionally, closet1 has Blue Stone_Brick floor while wall is Yellow Coating. closet1 is in northeast with 9 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 uses White Quartz for floor as well as has Wood_color Cement_Board wall. wall of bedroom2 is Marble and White, and floor is Jade and Gray. bedroom2 has 11 squares in center. Moreover, bedroom3 has 10 squares in south. wall of bedroom3 is Wall_Cloth and Black while floor is Marble and Orange. Additionally, kitchen1 uses Green Cement_Board for floor as well as has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall. kitchen1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 wall is Black Rock_Plate, and floor is Granite and Gray. balcony1 has 7 squares in southwest. In addition, floor of balcony2 is Rock_Plate and Yellow as well as wall is Yellow Stone_Brick. balcony2 has 7 squares in northwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, balcony2, kitchen1, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, closet1, washroom2, washroom3. washroom1, washroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. closet1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 and balcony1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom3. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and White as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Gray. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 has Pink Ceramic_Tile floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Gray. floor of bedroom3 is Wood_Grain and Red as well as wall is Wallpaper and Yellow. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall while has Red Ceramics floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 has Black Wood_Veneer wall as well as has Wood_color Wall_Cloth floor. balcony2 floor is Red Log while wall is Cement_Board and Orange. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Purple Quartz as well as wall is Pink Wallpaper. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. kitchen1 has Green Rock_Plate wall, and has Pink Cement_Board floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 floor is Blue Cement_Board as well as has White Granite wall. Additionally, livingroom1 has Green Granite floor, and wall is Painted_Wood and Pink. livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in east. Moreover, study1 floor is Black Wallpaper while wall is Blue Painted_Wood. study1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. In addition, bedroom1 is in west with 13 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and White, and wall is Wallpaper and Purple. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in south. bedroom2 wall is Pink Quartz while has Red Painted_Wood floor. Moreover, kitchen1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. kitchen1 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood floor, and has Blue Ceramics wall. Additionally, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 has Orange Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Black. Besides, balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. balcony2 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Earth_color Marble. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, study1 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Black Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as has Orange Painted_Wood wall. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. Additionally, bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 wall is Pink Marble, and has Wood_color Log floor. bedroom3 has White Quartz wall while uses Pink Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. Besides, floor of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Purple as well as wall is White Cement_Board. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. In addition, balcony1 has Green Wood_Veneer wall while uses Earth_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. Moreover, balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. balcony2 uses Black Jade for floor, and has Red Marble wall. wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Wood_color as well as floor is Stone_Brick and Gray. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. kitchen1 uses Red Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Wallpaper and Orange. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Black Rock_Plate as well as has Gray Painted_Wood floor. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Orange, and floor is Pink Painted_Wood. Besides, study1 uses Red Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Wood_color. study1 is in west with 9 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 wall is Gray Wall_Cloth, and uses White Mosaic for floor. bedroom1 has 15 squares in northeast. Additionally, bedroom2 is in northwest with 11 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Yellow as well as floor is Earth_color Wood_Veneer. Besides, kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile wall, and uses Red Quartz for floor. Additionally, balcony1 wall is Pink Coating as well as floor is Rock_Plate and White. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, balcony1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to study1, washroom1. study1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Green as well as uses Wood_color Log for floor. bedroom1 covers 9 square meters located in east. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple while has Blue Bamboo_Vine floor. bedroom2 covers 7 square meters located in north. washroom1 has 3 squares in center. wall of washroom1 is Jade and Gray as well as has Yellow Mosaic floor. Besides, balcony1 floor is Earth_color Rock_Plate, and has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. balcony1 has 3 squares in west. livingroom1 covers 20 square meters located in south. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. In addition, livingroom2 has Yellow Cement_Board floor while wall is Yellow Marble. livingroom2 covers 2 square meters located in center. Additionally, kitchen1 has Black Jade wall, and has Blue Granite floor. kitchen1 has 4 squares in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1, livingroom2. bedroom2, livingroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, livingroom2. kitchen1 is next to balcony1. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, livingroom2. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Black Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Pink Jade. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom2 wall is Orange Cement_Board while uses Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor. Additionally, bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Yellow Coating as well as has Red Marble floor. Moreover, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Gray Marble floor, and wall is Yellow Mosaic. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Ceramics and Black while has Blue Painted_Wood wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. Additionally, balcony2 has White Log floor, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. Besides, livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Jade as well as floor is Wood_color Mosaic. In addition, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has Yellow Mosaic wall, and floor is Black Log. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has Red Jade floor as well as wall is Orange Quartz. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. Moreover, livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. livingroom1 has Green Wood_Grain wall, and has Purple Quartz floor. study1 is in east with 4 square meters. study1 has Black Coating floor while has Earth_color Granite wall. Additionally, bedroom1 has Wood_color Marble wall as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Black. bedroom1 has 12 squares in southwest. Besides, bedroom2 floor is Black Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Green Wood_Grain. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 has 5 squares in northeast. floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Green while wall is Log and Wood_color. Additionally, floor of balcony1 is Wallpaper and White as well as wall is Jade and Yellow. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, study1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. study1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Red Wood_Veneer floor as well as has Yellow Wall_Cloth wall. Moreover, livingroom1 has Gray Jade floor, and wall is White Rock_Plate. livingroom1 has 33 squares in center. Additionally, study1 covers 11 square meters located in southeast. study1 has Purple Ceramic_Tile floor as well as has Pink Wall_Cloth wall. Besides, bedroom1 has 13 squares in northwest. bedroom1 has Yellow Granite wall, and floor is Quartz and Black. In addition, bedroom2 is in northeast with 10 square meters. bedroom2 has Pink Log floor while wall is Pink Wood_Veneer. kitchen1 has Wood_color Ceramics floor, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Black. kitchen1 has 7 squares in east. Besides, balcony1 is in west with 4 square meters. balcony1 uses Pink Painted_Wood for floor as well as has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Granite and White as well as has Purple Log floor. bedroom1 has 10 squares in northeast. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink while floor is Black Wood_Grain. In addition, bedroom2 has 9 squares in northwest. bedroom2 uses Earth_color Ceramics for floor, and has Pink Wood_Veneer wall. Besides, livingroom1 covers 15 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Cement_Board while floor is White Cement_Board. wall of livingroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray, and uses Yellow Jade for floor. livingroom2 covers 6 square meters located in west. Additionally, kitchen1 has Pink Stone_Brick wall as well as uses Red Wall_Cloth for floor. kitchen1 covers 3 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to livingroom2, washroom1. kitchen1 and livingroom2 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. To be specific, washroom1 is in northeast with 2 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color as well as uses Red Pure_Color_Wood for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 23 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Red Wood_Grain for floor while wall is Quartz and Black. Moreover, floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Wood_color, and wall is White Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Gray Stone_Brick as well as has Red Jade wall. bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 16 squares in north. bedroom1 wall is Red Bamboo_Vine as well as has White Painted_Wood floor. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in southeast. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Gray, and floor is Ceramics and Black. Moreover, bedroom3 is in south with 10 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Stone_Brick and Pink as well as floor is Orange Cement_Board. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Green, and uses Earth_color Rock_Plate for floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in east. In addition, balcony1 is in north with 6 square meters. balcony1 has White Rock_Plate floor while wall is Log and Blue. Besides, balcony2 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. balcony2 has Earth_color Coating floor, and wall is Purple Jade. livingroom1 is in west with 38 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Mosaic as well as floor is Log and Red. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Granite and Green while has Green Mosaic floor. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 13 squares in east. wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Purple as well as uses Earth_color Wood_Grain for floor. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in west. bedroom2 floor is Blue Ceramic_Tile, and has Blue Jade wall. Additionally, washroom1 is in northeast with 2 square meters. washroom1 has Red Ceramic_Tile wall as well as uses White Bamboo_Vine for floor. balcony1 uses Blue Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Mosaic and White. balcony1 has 4 squares in northwest. livingroom1 has Green Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Pink Ceramics. livingroom1 is in center with 16 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 has 3 squares in northeast. kitchen1 wall is Red Ceramic_Tile, and has Purple Quartz floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Black as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. Moreover, bedroom2 is in southeast with 11 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Mosaic while floor is Stone_Brick and Green. wall of bedroom3 is Wall_Cloth and Red, and has Blue Wood_Grain floor. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in west. In addition, washroom1 has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall while uses Gray Coating for floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. Additionally, washroom2 uses Blue Stone_Brick for floor, and has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall. washroom2 has 2 squares in west. In addition, balcony1 wall is White Bamboo_Vine while has Pink Bamboo_Vine floor. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony2 has 2 squares in west. wall of balcony2 is Jade and Green, and has Orange Wallpaper floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has Orange Stone_Brick floor while has Blue Granite wall. livingroom1 is in center with 31 square meters. kitchen1 has Orange Coating wall as well as floor is Orange Stone_Brick. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2, balcony2. balcony2 and washroom2 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 10 squares in west. bedroom1 wall is Green Marble as well as uses Wood_color Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Granite while has Blue Wall_Cloth wall. Additionally, wall of bedroom3 is Stone_Brick and Wood_color as well as has Pink Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom3 has 7 squares in east. washroom1 has 2 squares in east. washroom1 uses Black Log for floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Red. washroom2 wall is Purple Marble as well as floor is White Wood_Grain. washroom2 is in east with 1 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink while wall is Wood_color Cement_Board. balcony1 is in north with 5 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 has 19 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Purple Rock_Plate as well as floor is Gray Marble. Additionally, kitchen1 floor is White Wallpaper while wall is Pink Log. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 16 squares in west. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Earth_color, and wall is Purple Jade. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramics and White while floor is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 is in east with 10 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Pink, and floor is Marble and White. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in south. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in west. wall of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue while has Blue Jade floor. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Green Jade as well as floor is Red Stone_Brick. Additionally, kitchen1 floor is Yellow Mosaic while wall is Marble and Earth_color. kitchen1 is in east with 7 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom1 uses Yellow Quartz for floor as well as has Purple Painted_Wood wall. Additionally, wall of washroom2 is Marble and Gray, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Pink. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in east. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 uses Pink Marble for floor while has Orange Wallpaper wall. Moreover, bedroom2 is in southeast with 15 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and White, and wall is Wood_color Coating. In addition, bedroom3 covers 15 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 wall is Earth_color Mosaic as well as uses Gray Jade for floor. Besides, livingroom1 has Pink Ceramics floor while has Gray Wall_Cloth wall. livingroom1 has 38 squares in center. kitchen1 floor is Black Rock_Plate, and has Orange Wallpaper wall. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, floor of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Black, and wall is Purple Marble. bedroom1 has 13 squares in southeast. wall of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Pink while uses Blue Log for floor. bedroom2 is in south with 11 square meters. In addition, bedroom3 has Orange Granite wall as well as floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine. bedroom3 has 11 squares in north. Besides, washroom1 floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood while wall is Wood_Veneer and Blue. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Rock_Plate and Blue, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Green. balcony1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 has 41 squares in west. livingroom1 has Purple Mosaic floor while wall is Coating and Earth_color. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. kitchen1 wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is White Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has Green Rock_Plate wall, and has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor. washroom1 is in center with 5 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Orange Stone_Brick while has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in center. closet1 covers 4 square meters located in center. floor of closet1 is Granite and Red, and wall is Coating and Yellow. wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Green as well as floor is Quartz and Green. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. Additionally, bedroom2 has 12 squares in east. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick while wall is Jade and Blue. Moreover, bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in west. bedroom3 has White Wallpaper floor, and wall is Wood_color Wallpaper. In addition, kitchen1 is in west with 5 square meters. kitchen1 uses Purple Log for floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Red. balcony1 has Purple Jade floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Black. balcony1 is in east with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1, closet1. bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1, closet1. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has Pink Jade floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. bedroom1 is in northwest with 17 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Quartz and Yellow, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Red. bedroom2 uses Pink Marble for floor while has Red Coating wall. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in southwest. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Red, and wall is Red Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 has 56 squares in center. kitchen1 covers 11 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 has Wood_color Rock_Plate wall while uses Blue Ceramic_Tile for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 wall is Gray Mosaic, and floor is Wood_Grain and Green. washroom1 has 4 squares in northwest. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and White as well as floor is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 has 34 squares in center. In addition, study1 has Yellow Coating wall while floor is Rock_Plate and Wood_color. study1 covers 5 square meters located in west. Additionally, bedroom1 wall is Purple Cement_Board as well as uses Green Jade for floor. bedroom1 has 16 squares in south. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Purple Bamboo_Vine, and has Red Stone_Brick floor. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in north. bedroom3 uses Pink Marble for floor as well as has Orange Painted_Wood wall. kitchen1 floor is Wood_color Mosaic while has Green Coating wall. kitchen1 has 6 squares in northeast. Besides, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Earth_color Painted_Wood. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, study1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to study1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, kitchen1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and study1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, floor of washroom1 is Wallpaper and Red, and has Purple Wood_Grain wall. washroom1 is in center with 3 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 uses Red Cement_Board for floor while has Red Granite wall. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. Besides, kitchen1 uses Blue Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Wallpaper and White. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 wall is Pink Wall_Cloth, and has White Marble floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. Moreover, washroom2 has 4 squares in west. washroom2 has Pink Mosaic wall as well as uses Blue Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom1 has 16 squares in southwest. bedroom1 has Wood_color Granite wall, and floor is Yellow Wood_Veneer. bedroom2 has Pink Wallpaper wall as well as uses Earth_color Log for floor. bedroom2 has 13 squares in south. Besides, bedroom3 uses Blue Ceramic_Tile for floor while wall is Yellow Wallpaper. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, livingroom1 is in east with 44 square meters. livingroom1 has Black Marble wall as well as floor is Gray Coating. wall of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Blue, and has Black Mosaic floor. balcony1 has 7 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 13 squares in north. floor of bedroom1 is Quartz and Green as well as wall is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in center. bedroom2 wall is Yellow Rock_Plate while floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood. In addition, bedroom3 uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and has Purple Coating wall. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in west. washroom1 has 6 squares in northwest. washroom1 floor is Green Wood_Veneer while has Red Wall_Cloth wall. balcony1 has 7 squares in southeast. balcony1 has Wood_color Jade wall, and floor is Stone_Brick and Yellow. livingroom1 is in south with 23 square meters. livingroom1 has Purple Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. Besides, kitchen1 has 5 squares in west. wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and Orange, and uses Wood_color Ceramic_Tile for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, three livingrooms, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 uses Pink Wall_Cloth for floor as well as has Purple Marble wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in northwest. In addition, bedroom1 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Jade and Pink. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in center. Additionally, livingroom1 is in west with 11 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange, and uses White Wall_Cloth for floor. Besides, wall of livingroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Gray. livingroom2 has 9 squares in southwest. livingroom3 covers 4 square meters located in southwest. floor of livingroom3 is Coating and Black while has Red Rock_Plate wall. In addition, kitchen1 wall is Gray Log as well as floor is Blue Rock_Plate. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. bedroom1 is adjacent to livingroom1, livingroom2, kitchen1. livingroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. livingroom2 is next to livingroom3. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. washroom1 floor is Yellow Jade, and wall is Gray Ceramics. Moreover, bedroom1 has 13 squares in northeast. bedroom1 floor is White Jade while wall is Coating and Red. bedroom2 has 11 squares in east. bedroom2 has White Cement_Board wall as well as floor is Granite and Purple. Besides, livingroom1 has Black Wood_Veneer wall while floor is Orange Marble. livingroom1 covers 41 square meters located in center. Moreover, balcony1 has 9 squares in northwest. balcony1 wall is Pink Painted_Wood, and has Yellow Rock_Plate floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 floor is Blue Wallpaper, and wall is Mosaic and White. bedroom1 has 13 squares in west. bedroom2 has Blue Marble wall as well as floor is Blue Wallpaper. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in center. washroom1 has Pink Log floor, and wall is Orange Log. washroom1 has 4 squares in southwest. Additionally, balcony1 has 6 squares in northeast. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Marble as well as has White Marble floor. livingroom1 wall is Purple Wall_Cloth, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow. livingroom1 is in center with 33 square meters. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in east. kitchen1 has Blue Granite wall while floor is Marble and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in southeast with 16 square meters. bedroom1 has Earth_color Cement_Board wall, and floor is Cement_Board and Black. bedroom2 floor is Orange Mosaic as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Red. bedroom2 is in northeast with 12 square meters. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 has Blue Wood_Veneer wall while floor is Pink Granite. In addition, floor of washroom1 is Marble and Earth_color as well as has Blue Granite wall. washroom1 has 6 squares in east. washroom2 floor is White Wallpaper, and wall is Blue Ceramics. washroom2 has 4 squares in northeast. balcony1 is in south with 7 square meters. balcony1 has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is White Painted_Wood. Additionally, floor of balcony2 is Wall_Cloth and Orange while wall is Marble and Gray. balcony2 has 4 squares in north. In addition, livingroom1 uses Orange Quartz for floor, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow. livingroom1 is in center with 43 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 has Purple Granite wall as well as uses Pink Wood_Grain for floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, one corridor, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in south. washroom1 has Pink Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. Moreover, bedroom1 has Red Rock_Plate wall while floor is Purple Wallpaper. bedroom1 has 16 squares in center. Additionally, livingroom1 uses White Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Marble and Red. livingroom1 has 3 squares in north. Moreover, corridor1 has 2 squares in south. corridor1 wall is Blue Wood_Grain as well as floor is Log and Pink. wall of kitchen1 is Granite and Orange while floor is Gray Quartz. kitchen1 is in north with 3 square meters. washroom1, livingroom1, kitchen1, corridor1 and bedroom1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to corridor1. livingroom1 is next to kitchen1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 wall is Gray Cement_Board, and uses Blue Log for floor. washroom1 is in east with 7 square meters. washroom2 has 5 squares in southeast. washroom2 has Yellow Quartz wall as well as floor is White Stone_Brick. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Red Log while wall is Wood_Veneer and Green. livingroom1 is in north with 29 square meters. study1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. study1 uses Black Wall_Cloth for floor, and wall is White Mosaic. In addition, bedroom1 wall is Purple Wood_Grain as well as has Orange Ceramics floor. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in south. bedroom2 has 10 squares in west. bedroom2 uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor while has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall. kitchen1 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in east. Besides, balcony1 covers 9 square meters located in west. balcony1 floor is White Wall_Cloth while wall is Coating and Yellow. balcony2 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. floor of balcony2 is Rock_Plate and Orange as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and White. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, balcony2, kitchen1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, study1, washroom2. balcony1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to balcony2. washroom1, washroom2, kitchen1 and study1 are connected. washroom1 is next to kitchen1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 17 squares in east. wall of bedroom1 is Quartz and Purple, and has Orange Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom2 floor is Pink Wallpaper while wall is Yellow Quartz. bedroom2 is in west with 10 square meters. washroom1 floor is Green Cement_Board as well as wall is Gray Painted_Wood. washroom1 is in north with 6 square meters. Moreover, balcony1 is in east with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Gray Wood_Grain floor while has Earth_color Cement_Board wall. livingroom1 has 36 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Log as well as floor is Red Stone_Brick. Besides, floor of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Black, and has Pink Cement_Board wall. kitchen1 has 8 squares in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Yellow as well as wall is Black Jade. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in south. washroom2 floor is Orange Jade, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Green. livingroom1 wall is Pink Jade as well as floor is Wood_color Ceramics. livingroom1 is in west with 31 square meters. study1 floor is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Green. study1 has 10 squares in south. bedroom1 is in east with 20 square meters. bedroom1 uses White Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Stone_Brick and White. In addition, bedroom2 has 15 squares in north. bedroom2 wall is Yellow Wall_Cloth, and floor is Pink Wallpaper. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. wall of kitchen1 is Jade and Gray while has Yellow Marble floor. balcony1 wall is Yellow Granite as well as uses White Pure_Color_Wood for floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Green, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Green. washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom1 has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall while floor is Quartz and Gray. bedroom2 uses White Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Black. bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. livingroom1 uses Pink Stone_Brick for floor while has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall. wall of kitchen1 is Rock_Plate and Purple as well as has Orange Wood_Grain floor. kitchen1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 floor is Black Mosaic as well as has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1 is in north with 12 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 has White Pure_Color_Wood floor while has Red Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in east. In addition, washroom1 is in east with 3 square meters. washroom1 floor is Green Ceramics as well as wall is Yellow Wood_Grain. balcony1 covers 2 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 has Green Marble wall while has White Wood_Veneer floor. livingroom1 is in south with 23 square meters. livingroom1 has Pink Marble floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. kitchen1 uses Wood_color Log for floor while wall is Orange Coating. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, four bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has Red Log wall, and floor is Coating and Yellow. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. washroom2 is in center with 4 square meters. washroom2 uses White Ceramic_Tile for floor while wall is Jade and Purple. Moreover, bedroom1 has Yellow Stone_Brick wall, and has White Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has 9 squares in northeast. bedroom2 has Yellow Rock_Plate floor as well as has Green Cement_Board wall. bedroom3 uses White Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. bedroom3 has 9 squares in northwest. Besides, floor of bedroom4 is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color, and has Green Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom4 covers 8 square meters located in north. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Purple Wallpaper as well as has Orange Log floor. livingroom1 has 25 squares in west. Additionally, wall of livingroom2 is Wallpaper and Black, and floor is Black Log. livingroom2 covers 7 square meters located in south. balcony1 covers 2 square meters located in northwest. balcony1 uses Orange Granite for floor while wall is Wood_Veneer and Black. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, bedroom4, livingroom2, washroom2, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom4, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony1. House has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 wall is Orange Granite as well as floor is White Ceramic_Tile. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. In addition, study1 has 8 squares in west. study1 has Earth_color Coating wall while uses Yellow Mosaic for floor. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray, and has White Cement_Board wall. bedroom1 has 13 squares in northwest. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate while uses Wood_color Mosaic for floor. bedroom2 has 10 squares in north. livingroom1 floor is White Stone_Brick, and wall is Jade and Purple. livingroom1 is in northeast with 20 square meters. Moreover, livingroom2 is in southeast with 10 square meters. livingroom2 uses Yellow Jade for floor while wall is Granite and Earth_color. In addition, kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in south. floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Green, and wall is White Mosaic. bedroom1, livingroom2, bedroom2, study1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, study1. livingroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. study1 is next to washroom1. House has three washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, three bedrooms, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in south. wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Red as well as uses Earth_color Quartz for floor. Additionally, washroom2 floor is Earth_color Coating, and wall is Marble and Purple. washroom2 is in east with 3 square meters. washroom3 is in east with 2 square meters. washroom3 has Gray Jade floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and White. Besides, livingroom1 floor is Pink Wall_Cloth while has Blue Wood_Veneer wall. livingroom1 has 44 squares in north. closet1 has 4 squares in east. closet1 has Black Ceramics floor, and has Orange Marble wall. study1 floor is Yellow Granite while has Gray Rock_Plate wall. study1 is in northeast with 8 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 is in southwest with 14 square meters. bedroom1 uses Blue Log for floor, and wall is Green Quartz. bedroom2 is in center with 14 square meters. bedroom2 uses Purple Coating for floor while wall is Black Ceramics. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in southeast. floor of bedroom3 is Mosaic and Gray, and wall is Red Log. Besides, floor of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Green while has White Wallpaper wall. balcony1 is in west with 12 square meters. balcony2 is in east with 5 square meters. floor of balcony2 is Log and Red, and wall is Orange Coating. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, study1, balcony2, washroom1, closet1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, closet1. balcony2 is adjacent to closet1, washroom3. closet1 is next to washroom2, washroom3. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has Gray Log floor as well as wall is Gray Rock_Plate. washroom1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 uses Blue Jade for floor, and wall is Purple Stone_Brick. bedroom2 has Wood_color Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Gray Painted_Wood. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in west. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Wood_color Jade. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has Blue Bamboo_Vine floor, and wall is Black Jade. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has Wood_color Rock_Plate wall as well as uses Blue Ceramics for floor. washroom1 is in southeast with 4 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 has 12 squares in northwest. bedroom1 uses Pink Rock_Plate for floor while has White Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom2 has White Mosaic floor as well as wall is Blue Rock_Plate. bedroom2 has 10 squares in north. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 24 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Earth_color, and uses Orange Granite for floor. kitchen1 covers 3 square meters located in south. kitchen1 has Yellow Ceramics floor while has Yellow Wallpaper wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 floor is Yellow Ceramics as well as wall is Ceramics and Gray. washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink, and floor is Purple Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 has 23 squares in center. In addition, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in south. wall of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Red while uses Earth_color Wall_Cloth for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1. kitchen1 and washroom1 are connected. House has one bedroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 floor is Yellow Jade as well as has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in east. balcony1 has White Painted_Wood wall, and has Yellow Wood_Grain floor. balcony1 is in east with 3 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 48 square meters. livingroom1 has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall while has Green Cement_Board floor. kitchen1 uses Green Ceramics for floor as well as has Black Jade wall. kitchen1 has 6 squares in west. bedroom1, kitchen1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has Green Granite wall as well as floor is Gray Coating. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and White while wall is Black Wallpaper. livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in east. Additionally, floor of corridor1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray, and wall is Orange Wood_Grain. corridor1 covers 2 square meters located in center. In addition, bedroom1 has 16 squares in south. bedroom1 has White Log wall as well as uses Earth_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. Besides, bedroom2 has Orange Coating floor, and wall is Pink Marble. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in north. In addition, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. balcony1 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Orange Marble. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, corridor1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1, corridor1. kitchen1, washroom1, corridor1 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is next to corridor1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in southwest with 10 square meters. bedroom1 uses White Quartz for floor as well as wall is Gray Rock_Plate. Moreover, bedroom2 has Green Rock_Plate wall while floor is Jade and Green. bedroom2 is in south with 8 square meters. Additionally, bedroom3 has Pink Wallpaper wall as well as has Gray Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom3 has 8 squares in east. washroom1 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth floor while wall is Gray Marble. washroom1 is in west with 3 square meters. Besides, washroom2 wall is Gray Log, and floor is Gray Jade. washroom2 has 1 squares in west. In addition, balcony1 has Yellow Jade wall while floor is Wood_Veneer and Red. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, livingroom1 has 33 squares in north. livingroom1 wall is Red Ceramic_Tile as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Gray. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in west. kitchen1 has Red Granite floor, and has Green Stone_Brick wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Green as well as has Purple Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom1 has 20 squares in south. In addition, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in center. wall of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Red, and floor is Blue Quartz. bedroom3 is in southeast with 11 square meters. bedroom3 has White Jade wall while has Pink Wallpaper floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in south. washroom1 has Pink Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Red Bamboo_Vine. washroom2 has 5 squares in east. washroom2 wall is Pink Jade, and has White Rock_Plate floor. Besides, balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in west. balcony1 floor is Blue Mosaic as well as wall is Purple Granite. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. balcony2 has Yellow Ceramic_Tile floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Blue. livingroom1 is in center with 51 square meters. livingroom1 uses Green Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Blue Wall_Cloth. In addition, kitchen1 has 8 squares in northeast. kitchen1 has Orange Coating wall, and has Gray Rock_Plate floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. House has one washroom, one study, one livingroom, and one bedroom. In practice, washroom1 covers 11 square meters located in southeast. wall of washroom1 is Log and Blue, and has Blue Wood_Veneer floor. Moreover, study1 is in west with 8 square meters. floor of study1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red as well as wall is Red Wood_Grain. livingroom1 wall is Purple Ceramic_Tile, and uses Red Jade for floor. livingroom1 has 21 squares in center. Besides, bedroom1 has 10 squares in northwest. bedroom1 wall is Wood_color Log as well as floor is Orange Granite. livingroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, bedroom1, study1. study1 and bedroom1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 16 squares in southwest. bedroom1 uses Gray Coating for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Orange. bedroom2 has Orange Cement_Board floor as well as wall is Orange Quartz. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in south. Additionally, bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 has Pink Coating floor, and wall is Green Log. In addition, wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and White while has Green Painted_Wood floor. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 has 4 squares in west. washroom2 floor is Gray Mosaic as well as has Purple Granite wall. wall of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Red, and floor is Red Marble. balcony1 has 14 squares in south. Moreover, livingroom1 is in east with 41 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Black Stone_Brick while wall is Rock_Plate and Gray. In addition, floor of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Yellow, and wall is Orange Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in north. bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom2 and balcony1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 floor is Orange Ceramics as well as has Orange Cement_Board wall. washroom1 is in west with 6 square meters. Additionally, wall of washroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink, and floor is Cement_Board and Green. washroom2 is in north with 6 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 covers 55 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Yellow while floor is Black Wall_Cloth. study1 has 13 squares in east. study1 has Green Rock_Plate floor, and wall is Pink Stone_Brick. Additionally, bedroom1 has Orange Mosaic floor as well as has Black Wood_Grain wall. bedroom1 is in southwest with 21 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue, and has Orange Bamboo_Vine floor. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. wall of kitchen1 is Granite and White while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Gray. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. Moreover, balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. floor of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Purple as well as wall is Yellow Log. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. balcony1 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in southwest with 22 square meters. bedroom1 has Black Wallpaper wall, and has Blue Wallpaper floor. bedroom2 floor is Earth_color Cement_Board while wall is Green Wall_Cloth. bedroom2 has 20 squares in southeast. Moreover, bedroom3 wall is Purple Ceramics as well as uses Gray Wall_Cloth for floor. bedroom3 covers 18 square meters located in northwest. Besides, washroom1 has Pink Painted_Wood wall, and uses White Rock_Plate for floor. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom2 has Black Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Log and Earth_color. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony1 is in south with 12 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Wallpaper and Wood_color, and wall is Jade and White. livingroom1 is in center with 48 square meters. livingroom1 has Orange Stone_Brick floor as well as has Red Quartz wall. Additionally, floor of kitchen1 is Wall_Cloth and Yellow, and has Blue Mosaic wall. kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, and two bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine wall, and has White Stone_Brick floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is in south with 29 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Red while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Orange. Additionally, closet1 has 5 squares in north. wall of closet1 is Bamboo_Vine and Blue, and floor is Blue Log. bedroom1 has Gray Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Green Wood_Grain. bedroom1 is in northeast with 14 square meters. bedroom2 has Gray Wood_Grain wall while floor is Yellow Quartz. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, closet1. washroom1, closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in southeast with 16 square meters. bedroom1 uses Wood_color Quartz for floor as well as has Yellow Granite wall. Moreover, bedroom2 has 12 squares in northeast. bedroom2 floor is Orange Wall_Cloth, and wall is Coating and Red. Besides, bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom3 is Marble and Wood_color while floor is Granite and Pink. Additionally, washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in east. washroom1 floor is White Quartz, and wall is Red Quartz. Moreover, washroom2 has Earth_color Jade wall while uses Red Painted_Wood for floor. washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. floor of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Purple, and has Blue Painted_Wood wall. In addition, livingroom1 has 35 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Purple Stone_Brick for floor while has Red Rock_Plate wall. Moreover, kitchen1 has 9 squares in north. kitchen1 uses White Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Black Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one storage, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Purple Jade wall as well as uses Red Mosaic for floor. Moreover, storage1 is in west with 2 square meters. storage1 has Pink Rock_Plate floor, and has Pink Coating wall. Besides, wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange while has Black Granite floor. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in southwest. Moreover, bedroom2 has 15 squares in southeast. wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Orange as well as uses Pink Mosaic for floor. bedroom3 wall is Blue Coating, and uses White Ceramics for floor. bedroom3 is in northwest with 14 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Red Coating while uses Wood_color Jade for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 42 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Earth_color Jade as well as wall is Rock_Plate and White. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, storage1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, storage1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1, storage1. storage1 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and two kitchens. Specifically, bedroom1 floor is Yellow Ceramics, and wall is Wallpaper and Earth_color. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in west. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom2 floor is White Painted_Wood while wall is Wall_Cloth and Purple. Moreover, floor of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color as well as has Black Jade wall. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. In addition, balcony1 wall is Gray Wood_Grain while uses Wood_color Marble for floor. balcony1 has 4 squares in west. Additionally, floor of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Earth_color, and wall is Painted_Wood and Orange. livingroom1 is in center with 39 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray as well as has Red Painted_Wood floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in east. Besides, wall of kitchen2 is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color while has Gray Mosaic floor. kitchen2 is in east with 4 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to kitchen2. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 wall is Purple Jade, and has Purple Rock_Plate floor. bedroom1 is in east with 19 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Green Jade while has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom2 has 15 squares in southwest. In addition, bedroom3 has White Stone_Brick floor, and has Gray Wood_Grain wall. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in west. Besides, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom1 has Pink Rock_Plate floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and White. Moreover, washroom2 has 3 squares in west. washroom2 uses Pink Mosaic for floor while has Red Ceramics wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in north. floor of balcony1 is Log and Gray, and has White Quartz wall. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 40 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Green as well as floor is Pink Quartz. kitchen1 has Wood_color Log wall while has Yellow Log floor. kitchen1 is in southeast with 10 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one study, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. More specifically, washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color as well as has Black Cement_Board wall. study1 has 14 squares in northeast. floor of study1 is Wall_Cloth and Blue while wall is Mosaic and Orange. floor of livingroom1 is Granite and Black, and wall is Painted_Wood and Orange. livingroom1 has 52 squares in center. bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine as well as has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1 covers 21 square meters located in north. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Pink Wall_Cloth, and uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom2 is in southwest with 15 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer as well as uses White Mosaic for floor. wall of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Purple, and floor is Earth_color Painted_Wood. livingroom1 covers 48 square meters located in center. In addition, study1 has Earth_color Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Gray Wall_Cloth. study1 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, bedroom1 has Wood_color Mosaic floor while wall is Log and Earth_color. bedroom1 is in northwest with 27 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 has 13 squares in southwest. bedroom2 floor is Blue Rock_Plate as well as wall is Ceramics and Green. Moreover, bedroom3 is in east with 13 square meters. bedroom3 has Red Wallpaper wall, and floor is Cement_Board and Yellow. Additionally, kitchen1 has 7 squares in southeast. floor of kitchen1 is Coating and Orange as well as has Pink Ceramics wall. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. balcony1 has Wood_color Marble floor, and has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall. balcony2 has 4 squares in east. balcony2 uses Green Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Pink. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. study1 and bedroom3 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Black as well as has Wood_color Wallpaper floor. bedroom1 has 15 squares in south. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Ceramics and Wood_color, and has Purple Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom2 is in north with 12 square meters. In addition, wall of washroom1 is Jade and Earth_color as well as floor is Gray Wallpaper. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. Besides, balcony1 has 7 squares in south. floor of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink, and wall is Blue Quartz. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow as well as floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick. wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and Red while floor is Stone_Brick and Red. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. washroom1 wall is Red Wall_Cloth, and floor is Wallpaper and Blue. bedroom1 has 16 squares in northwest. bedroom1 floor is Green Wood_Grain while has White Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom2 is Log and Pink as well as floor is Wallpaper and Earth_color. bedroom3 floor is Gray Bamboo_Vine while wall is Orange Painted_Wood. bedroom3 is in east with 11 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Gray Jade, and uses Yellow Painted_Wood for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 50 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 has 8 squares in southeast. kitchen1 wall is Green Coating while uses Red Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, and two bedrooms. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Granite and Earth_color, and floor is Yellow Jade. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 39 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Black while uses Gray Coating for floor. Additionally, corridor1 covers 2 square meters located in center. corridor1 wall is Yellow Ceramics, and floor is Pink Mosaic. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Blue as well as wall is Log and Black. bedroom1 has 12 squares in east. Besides, bedroom2 is in west with 12 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Marble and Green while floor is Wood_Veneer and White. bedroom1, bedroom2, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, corridor1. washroom1, corridor1 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is next to corridor1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in east. washroom1 floor is White Rock_Plate, and has Purple Rock_Plate wall. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Black Jade. livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in center. Moreover, study1 is in northeast with 10 square meters. wall of study1 is Cement_Board and Wood_color while floor is Wood_Veneer and Pink. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Wood_color as well as has White Granite wall. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. kitchen1 is in northwest with 9 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Red Wall_Cloth, and floor is Earth_color Ceramics. Additionally, balcony1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. balcony1 uses Orange Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Red. bedroom1, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Yellow Cement_Board floor, and wall is Granite and Purple. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in north. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Red while has Purple Quartz floor. Moreover, washroom1 wall is Black Wallpaper as well as has Black Ceramic_Tile floor. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. balcony1 is in northwest with 13 square meters. balcony1 uses Red Ceramic_Tile for floor while has Earth_color Rock_Plate wall. In addition, livingroom1 is in southwest with 25 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Coating as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Gray. kitchen1 is in south with 6 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow, and uses Earth_color Marble for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Pink, and wall is White Coating. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. bedroom1 is in west with 13 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Blue Painted_Wood while floor is Jade and Green. In addition, livingroom1 has 21 squares in east. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Earth_color, and floor is Quartz and Earth_color. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in south. kitchen1 has Purple Wallpaper floor while wall is White Wallpaper. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, three washrooms, three balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, floor of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Gray, and wall is Rock_Plate and Orange. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northwest. In addition, bedroom2 has 13 squares in east. bedroom2 has Red Painted_Wood wall while floor is Wood_Grain and Blue. Moreover, bedroom3 has 11 squares in northeast. bedroom3 wall is Wood_color Quartz as well as floor is Red Bamboo_Vine. Additionally, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Purple Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. washroom2 has Orange Wood_Grain wall as well as has Wood_color Ceramics floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in southeast. washroom3 floor is Wood_color Jade while has White Ceramics wall. washroom3 covers 2 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 floor is Yellow Wall_Cloth, and has Green Painted_Wood wall. balcony1 has 8 squares in northwest. balcony2 has 7 squares in west. balcony2 has Earth_color Cement_Board floor as well as wall is Green Marble. Besides, balcony3 covers 3 square meters located in southeast. balcony3 uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor while has Red Rock_Plate wall. In addition, livingroom1 has 38 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Purple Jade for floor, and wall is Green Wallpaper. kitchen1 has 8 squares in southeast. kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate while uses Purple Ceramic_Tile for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom1, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2, balcony3, washroom3. balcony2 and balcony1 are connected. washroom2 is next to washroom3. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 uses Gray Jade for floor, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Green. washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom1 wall is Red Coating as well as floor is Red Marble. livingroom1 wall is Orange Cement_Board while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. livingroom1 has 25 squares in center. wall of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Purple, and has Pink Mosaic floor. kitchen1 has 12 squares in west. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in center. washroom1 has Pink Wall_Cloth wall, and floor is Red Granite. Moreover, washroom2 floor is Orange Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Orange Ceramics. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Pink Quartz, and wall is White Cement_Board. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in center. wall of study1 is Marble and Gray while uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor. study1 has 9 squares in east. Additionally, bedroom1 wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer, and floor is Wood_color Jade. bedroom1 has 16 squares in west. Besides, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in west. bedroom2 floor is Orange Mosaic while wall is Purple Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. wall of kitchen1 is Jade and Wood_color, and uses Wood_color Quartz for floor. Additionally, floor of balcony1 is Ceramics and Green as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. balcony1 has 5 squares in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom2, balcony1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom1 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Jade and Wood_color. In addition, wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and Black, and floor is White Quartz. bedroom2 is in center with 11 square meters. Moreover, bedroom3 has 8 squares in south. bedroom3 wall is Pink Mosaic while has Orange Bamboo_Vine floor. Besides, washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color, and floor is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. balcony1 wall is Pink Stone_Brick as well as uses Earth_color Quartz for floor. balcony1 is in southwest with 9 square meters. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in west. livingroom1 uses White Wood_Veneer for floor while has Pink Log wall. In addition, kitchen1 is in northeast with 10 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Pink Wall_Cloth, and wall is Log and Pink. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to bedroom3. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 wall is Red Mosaic as well as uses Wood_color Wood_Grain for floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. Moreover, washroom2 wall is White Coating while uses Black Log for floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in southwest. livingroom1 has Green Marble floor as well as has Blue Jade wall. livingroom1 has 25 squares in center. study1 covers 7 square meters located in west. study1 wall is Red Painted_Wood, and uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor. Besides, bedroom1 uses Wood_color Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Marble and White. bedroom1 has 13 squares in north. wall of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Black, and has Blue Coating floor. bedroom2 has 8 squares in northwest. kitchen1 has 7 squares in southwest. kitchen1 wall is Orange Coating while floor is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. Additionally, wall of balcony1 is Ceramics and Red as well as has Yellow Granite floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to study1, washroom1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. The building contains two washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 uses Yellow Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Rock_Plate and White. washroom1 has 6 squares in west. Additionally, washroom2 has Yellow Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Quartz and Wood_color. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in east. In addition, study1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. study1 has White Wood_Grain wall while floor is Yellow Cement_Board. floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Gray as well as wall is Blue Painted_Wood. bedroom1 covers 20 square meters located in southeast. Besides, bedroom2 floor is Gray Wallpaper, and wall is Red Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 is in northeast with 17 square meters. livingroom1 uses Earth_color Log for floor while wall is Black Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. In addition, floor of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Yellow, and wall is Green Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, washroom2, kitchen1. washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom2. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. House has one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 uses Purple Marble for floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Orange. washroom1 is in south with 3 square meters. Moreover, balcony1 is in north with 5 square meters. balcony1 has Purple Marble wall, and uses Blue Ceramic_Tile for floor. livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. livingroom1 has Green Painted_Wood wall while floor is Red Jade. Besides, kitchen1 is in south with 4 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow as well as has Purple Mosaic floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Green Jade wall, and has Orange Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom1 has 20 squares in west. In addition, bedroom2 is in northeast with 11 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Red Log as well as wall is Wallpaper and Yellow. Additionally, washroom1 floor is Black Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Blue Painted_Wood. washroom1 has 4 squares in center. In addition, floor of washroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Purple while wall is Orange Marble. washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. balcony1 has White Coating floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Blue. balcony1 has 10 squares in west. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow while floor is Cement_Board and Blue. livingroom1 is in south with 44 square meters. livingroom2 uses Yellow Coating for floor, and has Red Wood_Grain wall. livingroom2 covers 16 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has Red Log wall while has Yellow Jade floor. kitchen1 is in east with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, livingroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. livingroom2, balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. livingroom2 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Green Rock_Plate, and has Orange Ceramic_Tile floor. washroom1 is in center with 5 square meters. washroom2 has Red Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Earth_color Quartz. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in north. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Red Mosaic while floor is Wood_Grain and Pink. livingroom1 is in south with 32 square meters. In addition, study1 has 12 squares in east. floor of study1 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow as well as has White Marble wall. floor of bedroom1 is Granite and White, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Yellow. bedroom1 has 11 squares in northwest. Besides, bedroom2 is in west with 10 square meters. bedroom2 uses Green Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Orange Painted_Wood. bedroom3 has Green Stone_Brick wall, and uses Red Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom3 has 10 squares in north. kitchen1 is in center with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Orange Painted_Wood wall while floor is Wood_Veneer and Green. floor of balcony1 is Granite and Earth_color as well as has Red Wood_Veneer wall. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to study1, bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. study1 is next to balcony1, kitchen1. bedroom2, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. balcony1 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 19 squares in northeast. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Green as well as has Gray Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom2 wall is Red Log, and uses Pink Log for floor. bedroom2 is in southeast with 12 square meters. bedroom3 has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom3 has 12 squares in northwest. Moreover, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Purple Bamboo_Vine, and uses Gray Painted_Wood for floor. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in center. washroom2 uses White Wood_Veneer for floor as well as wall is White Ceramics. balcony1 has 10 squares in east. balcony1 has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall, and uses Purple Painted_Wood for floor. Besides, floor of balcony2 is Stone_Brick and Purple while wall is Wood_color Quartz. balcony2 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 has 39 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Purple as well as uses Red Wood_Grain for floor. Additionally, kitchen1 has 6 squares in west. kitchen1 floor is Purple Coating while has Yellow Mosaic wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 and balcony2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has Blue Coating wall as well as uses Wood_color Marble for floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray, and uses Pink Ceramic_Tile for floor. livingroom1 is in east with 29 square meters. Moreover, study1 wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Black Wood_Veneer. study1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. bedroom1 is in southwest with 16 square meters. bedroom1 has Orange Marble floor as well as wall is Wood_color Wall_Cloth. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in center. bedroom2 has Green Pure_Color_Wood floor, and has Blue Coating wall. In addition, kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Purple as well as uses Gray Rock_Plate for floor. Besides, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 floor is Purple Painted_Wood, and wall is Orange Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has White Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has Purple Wall_Cloth floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. Moreover, livingroom1 has 35 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray, and wall is Ceramics and Purple. study1 is in east with 11 square meters. wall of study1 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color while floor is Yellow Log. In addition, storage1 has Green Rock_Plate wall, and floor is Wallpaper and Black. storage1 covers 4 square meters located in north. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in west. bedroom1 has Black Painted_Wood wall while uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor. Besides, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 floor is Blue Painted_Wood, and wall is White Wallpaper. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 uses Green Marble for floor while wall is Marble and Purple. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. balcony1 has Blue Painted_Wood floor, and has Black Coating wall. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, storage1. study1 is next to bedroom2, kitchen1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to storage1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 3 squares in north. washroom1 has Green Bamboo_Vine wall, and uses Orange Log for floor. bedroom1 uses Red Ceramics for floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northeast. floor of bedroom2 is Marble and Red while wall is Purple Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 is in southeast with 14 square meters. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Gray as well as wall is Jade and Pink. livingroom1 has 57 squares in center. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in east. balcony1 wall is White Ceramics while floor is Cement_Board and Black. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in south. floor of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Red as well as wall is Cement_Board and Black. In addition, floor of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and White while has White Granite wall. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in center. bedroom3 covers 7 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom3 is Quartz and Pink, and floor is Quartz and Green. Additionally, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom1 has Red Rock_Plate floor as well as has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall. balcony1 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall, and uses Green Wallpaper for floor. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 32 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Log while wall is Gray Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Rock_Plate and Black, and has White Cement_Board wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to bedroom3. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. In practice, washroom1 floor is Blue Wallpaper, and wall is Yellow Log. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 has 22 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Earth_color as well as has Orange Ceramic_Tile floor. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Earth_color, and has Earth_color Quartz wall. bedroom1 has 7 squares in southwest. Additionally, bedroom2 has Gray Ceramics wall as well as floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. The house plan has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 uses Yellow Mosaic for floor, and wall is Mosaic and Pink. bedroom1 has 11 squares in south. Moreover, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Green while has Orange Wood_Veneer wall. Additionally, wall of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow, and floor is Green Quartz. balcony1 is in southwest with 4 square meters. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and White while uses Purple Mosaic for floor. livingroom1 covers 19 square meters located in west. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in east. wall of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and Red as well as floor is Quartz and Red. bedroom1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has Pink Mosaic floor, and wall is Purple Painted_Wood. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. In addition, livingroom1 has 31 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Quartz and Yellow while uses Red Jade for floor. study1 has 9 squares in northeast. wall of study1 is Granite and Green, and uses Purple Coating for floor. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. bedroom1 has Red Cement_Board floor while wall is Granite and Black. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color as well as uses Red Marble for floor. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in east. Besides, kitchen1 has 8 squares in northwest. floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color, and wall is Purple Stone_Brick. Additionally, balcony1 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Quartz and Red. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 floor is Earth_color Granite as well as has Pink Wallpaper wall. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. floor of washroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Red, and has Purple Coating wall. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in south. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple as well as floor is Purple Quartz. livingroom1 has 40 squares in north. Moreover, closet1 uses Purple Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is White Marble. closet1 is in center with 2 square meters. Additionally, bedroom1 has Purple Marble floor while wall is Wallpaper and Purple. bedroom1 covers 20 square meters located in southeast. Besides, bedroom2 uses Yellow Coating for floor, and has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom2 is in southwest with 14 square meters. floor of bedroom3 is Rock_Plate and Blue while has Pink Coating wall. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in east. kitchen1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Gray Ceramic_Tile as well as has Black Painted_Wood wall. Additionally, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in east. wall of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Red, and has Yellow Marble floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, closet1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2, closet1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony1, closet1 and bedroom3 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 has Purple Quartz wall, and uses Red Stone_Brick for floor. bedroom2 has 13 squares in west. bedroom2 has Purple Painted_Wood wall while has Black Ceramic_Tile floor. In addition, washroom1 floor is Pink Quartz, and has Earth_color Granite wall. washroom1 is in west with 8 square meters. balcony1 has Gray Marble wall as well as floor is Orange Log. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is White Quartz, and floor is Pink Wallpaper. livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in center. Besides, kitchen1 has 7 squares in southwest. kitchen1 floor is Wood_color Quartz as well as wall is Purple Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 has 8 squares in southwest. wall of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Earth_color, and floor is Stone_Brick and Yellow. livingroom1 has 74 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Wall_Cloth while has White Wall_Cloth wall. Moreover, bedroom1 uses Red Rock_Plate for floor, and has Green Rock_Plate wall. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Pink Log floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Yellow. bedroom1 is in east with 13 square meters. Moreover, floor of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Earth_color while has Wood_color Granite wall. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. Additionally, bedroom3 has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Red Log. bedroom3 has 9 squares in south. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick, and wall is Wood_Grain and Orange. floor of balcony1 is Coating and Black as well as has White Mosaic wall. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in southwest. floor of livingroom1 is Marble and Purple while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color. livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in west. kitchen1 uses Pink Marble for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. kitchen1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, one closet, and two balconys. Specifically, floor of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Blue, and wall is Log and Gray. washroom1 covers 8 square meters located in center. Moreover, wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Red as well as floor is Wood_color Rock_Plate. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in east. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has Pink Stone_Brick wall, and floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. Besides, livingroom1 covers 22 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Black Granite while has Earth_color Cement_Board wall. closet1 has 5 squares in northeast. closet1 uses Earth_color Jade for floor as well as wall is Granite and Purple. In addition, balcony1 has Green Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Red Pure_Color_Wood. balcony1 is in west with 10 square meters. balcony2 wall is Red Mosaic while has Purple Marble floor. balcony2 has 8 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony2, closet1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to closet1. balcony2 is next to closet1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Black, and has Pink Painted_Wood floor. In addition, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in center. wall of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color as well as has Pink Jade floor. Moreover, floor of washroom1 is Ceramics and Red while wall is Orange Cement_Board. washroom1 has 4 squares in southeast. balcony1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color as well as has Black Ceramics wall. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in northeast. balcony2 floor is Earth_color Rock_Plate while wall is Jade and Orange. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Pink Stone_Brick, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Green. livingroom1 is in south with 24 square meters. kitchen1 is in east with 7 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple as well as has Green Coating floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. kitchen1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has White Rock_Plate floor as well as wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has 10 squares in northwest. bedroom2 has Gray Ceramics wall, and uses Red Ceramics for floor. Moreover, bedroom3 has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Log and Orange. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in east. Additionally, wall of washroom1 is Quartz and White as well as uses Green Ceramic_Tile for floor. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. In addition, washroom2 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom2 floor is Red Ceramics, and wall is Painted_Wood and Gray. balcony1 uses Wood_color Wallpaper for floor while wall is Green Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 32 square meters. livingroom1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Black. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. wall of kitchen1 is Log and Black while uses Pink Marble for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2. washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one bedroom, one washroom, two balconys, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Granite and Black. bedroom1 has 15 squares in south. washroom1 is in north with 3 square meters. washroom1 wall is Black Bamboo_Vine while floor is Blue Coating. balcony1 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as uses Pink Quartz for floor. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in south. In addition, balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in north. floor of balcony2 is Bamboo_Vine and Purple while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow. Moreover, livingroom1 has 15 squares in north. livingroom1 has Blue Coating wall, and floor is Painted_Wood and Red. Additionally, livingroom2 is in center with 7 square meters. floor of livingroom2 is Ceramics and Purple while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 has White Ceramics floor, and has White Ceramic_Tile wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, livingroom2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1. kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom2 are connected. balcony2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. Specifically, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color, and has Pink Wood_Veneer wall. livingroom1 has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as has Pink Granite wall. livingroom1 has 22 squares in center. wall of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Purple while uses Gray Granite for floor. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. House has one washroom, one study, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 is in southeast with 2 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Quartz and Blue as well as uses Black Wall_Cloth for floor. Moreover, study1 wall is Black Coating while floor is Quartz and Earth_color. study1 has 9 squares in southwest. livingroom1 has Pink Cement_Board floor as well as wall is Marble and Orange. livingroom1 is in center with 23 square meters. bedroom1 has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Jade and Gray. bedroom1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. study1, bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to bedroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one corridor, one bedroom, one study, one balcony, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. wall of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color, and floor is Green Marble. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Blue Stone_Brick while uses Orange Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 has 28 squares in center. closet1 has 10 squares in northwest. closet1 wall is Red Rock_Plate as well as uses Gray Cement_Board for floor. corridor1 has Yellow Rock_Plate wall, and floor is Gray Log. corridor1 has 5 squares in south. bedroom1 is in north with 17 square meters. bedroom1 has Earth_color Wallpaper wall while floor is Wall_Cloth and Blue. study1 uses Green Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Blue Rock_Plate. study1 covers 8 square meters located in west. balcony1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. balcony1 wall is Green Log while uses Purple Granite for floor. kitchen1 is in east with 13 square meters. kitchen1 has Earth_color Ceramics floor as well as wall is Blue Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, study1, washroom1, corridor1. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1, closet1, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1. study1 and closet1 are connected. washroom1 is next to corridor1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in northeast with 14 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Orange Wallpaper as well as floor is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 floor is Red Granite, and wall is Wood_Grain and White. bedroom3 wall is Red Wood_Grain as well as uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor. bedroom3 has 9 squares in north. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. floor of washroom1 is Mosaic and Purple while wall is Earth_color Ceramics. Moreover, wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Gray, and has Orange Quartz floor. balcony1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 has Red Coating wall while floor is Wood_Veneer and Orange. livingroom1 is in center with 37 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 floor is Red Jade, and wall is Pink Log. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Gray Log wall, and floor is Cement_Board and Purple. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color while has Earth_color Quartz floor. livingroom1 floor is Orange Stone_Brick, and has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall. livingroom1 is in center with 25 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 wall is Blue Ceramic_Tile as well as uses White Ceramics for floor. kitchen1 is in west with 12 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Marble and Earth_color as well as uses Green Wallpaper for floor. study1 has 9 squares in west. study1 wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile while floor is Wood_Grain and Blue. Additionally, bedroom1 has Pink Jade floor, and wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1 is in southwest with 25 square meters. Moreover, floor of bedroom2 is Quartz and Green as well as wall is Quartz and White. bedroom2 has 9 squares in northwest. wall of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Blue while floor is Wall_Cloth and Green. livingroom1 is in north with 31 square meters. kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. floor of kitchen1 is Marble and Orange as well as wall is Blue Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to study1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 uses Orange Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Yellow Stone_Brick. washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. bedroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Yellow, and wall is Orange Cement_Board. bedroom2 floor is White Wallpaper as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Orange. bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Orange while has Green Ceramic_Tile floor. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. kitchen1 uses Pink Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Yellow Wallpaper. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 wall is Purple Wallpaper as well as uses Earth_color Jade for floor. bedroom1 has 18 squares in southwest. In addition, bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in south. bedroom2 uses Green Wood_Veneer for floor while wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. bedroom3 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall as well as has Pink Mosaic floor. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in west. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Gray Painted_Wood floor while has Purple Wall_Cloth wall. Besides, washroom2 has Orange Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Mosaic and Purple. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in center. Additionally, balcony1 has 6 squares in northeast. balcony1 has Blue Quartz wall as well as uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. balcony2 has Black Mosaic floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Gray. Besides, livingroom1 is in east with 39 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Black Jade as well as uses Red Cement_Board for floor. kitchen1 is in east with 8 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Green while has Pink Cement_Board floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2, balcony2. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. The building contains two bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 wall is Pink Coating, and has Orange Granite floor. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. Additionally, bedroom2 is in southeast with 11 square meters. bedroom2 has Red Quartz floor while wall is Ceramics and Blue. In addition, wall of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Orange, and floor is Log and Purple. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom2 has 4 squares in east. wall of washroom2 is Marble and Black as well as has Blue Pure_Color_Wood floor. Moreover, balcony1 has 7 squares in north. wall of balcony1 is Rock_Plate and Black, and uses Orange Granite for floor. Additionally, wall of balcony2 is Jade and Purple while uses Black Ceramics for floor. balcony2 is in northwest with 4 square meters. livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Cement_Board as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. kitchen1 is in west with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Blue Cement_Board wall, and uses Purple Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2. washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to balcony2. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony2. balcony2 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has Wood_color Log floor, and wall is Black Wood_Grain. washroom1 covers 20 square meters located in north. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Wood_Grain while uses Green Pure_Color_Wood for floor. livingroom1 covers 42 square meters located in center. study1 covers 11 square meters located in southeast. study1 wall is Orange Cement_Board as well as uses Blue Mosaic for floor. In addition, storage1 has Yellow Jade floor, and wall is Mosaic and Red. storage1 has 4 squares in southeast. Besides, bedroom1 has 20 squares in northwest. bedroom1 has Pink Quartz wall as well as floor is Yellow Granite. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 uses Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and Orange. kitchen1 wall is White Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Purple Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in east. Besides, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. balcony1 uses Green Ceramics for floor as well as wall is Jade and Gray. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, storage1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1, storage1 and study1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has Gray Cement_Board wall, and floor is Purple Jade. washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 30 square meters. livingroom1 has White Coating wall as well as floor is Cement_Board and Pink. balcony1 has 2 squares in north. balcony1 floor is Blue Rock_Plate while has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall. washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color as well as floor is White Painted_Wood. bedroom1 is in northeast with 15 square meters. bedroom2 has Blue Coating wall while floor is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. bedroom2 has 12 squares in southeast. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall, and floor is Black Jade. wall of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Red as well as floor is Green Jade. balcony1 is in west with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 33 square meters. livingroom1 uses Green Granite for floor while has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall. In addition, kitchen1 has Red Coating floor as well as wall is Wood_color Marble. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Granite and Earth_color as well as uses White Ceramic_Tile for floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in east. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Wood_color while has Wood_color Jade floor. Moreover, study1 is in southwest with 10 square meters. study1 has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Jade and Yellow. bedroom1 floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine while has Green Cement_Board wall. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is White Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Granite and Red. bedroom2 is in south with 11 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in south. kitchen1 has Blue Jade wall, and uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall as well as uses Earth_color Log for floor. In addition, balcony2 is in south with 3 square meters. balcony2 uses Wood_color Granite for floor while has Red Marble wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. House has three washrooms, one livingroom, one study, one storage, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in center with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Black Cement_Board wall as well as has Red Jade floor. In addition, washroom2 has 4 squares in center. washroom2 floor is Pink Log, and wall is Mosaic and Wood_color. Additionally, washroom3 uses White Mosaic for floor while wall is Purple Mosaic. washroom3 covers 0 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Black Quartz as well as wall is Quartz and Pink. livingroom1 has 27 squares in center. study1 has Earth_color Jade wall, and has Red Wood_Veneer floor. study1 is in north with 5 square meters. Moreover, storage1 has 1 squares in center. floor of storage1 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow while wall is Cement_Board and Blue. bedroom1 is in north with 14 square meters. bedroom1 uses Earth_color Coating for floor, and wall is Gray Quartz. bedroom2 is in north with 12 square meters. bedroom2 has Blue Ceramics wall as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Red. bedroom3 wall is Earth_color Marble, and floor is Red Painted_Wood. bedroom3 covers 7 square meters located in south. kitchen1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Black Wallpaper wall while floor is Wood_color Granite. In addition, balcony1 has 9 squares in southwest. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Gray as well as uses Gray Granite for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, storage1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, storage1. study1, washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to bedroom3. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is next to storage1. Building layout contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Jade and Green. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in center. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. bedroom1 has Orange Cement_Board floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Gray. wall of bedroom2 is Log and White, and floor is Log and Green. bedroom2 is in north with 8 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Wood_color Marble as well as uses Earth_color Granite for floor. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. In addition, livingroom1 has 33 squares in east. floor of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Green while has Pink Jade wall. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in south. kitchen1 has Pink Cement_Board wall as well as floor is Blue Ceramics. bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3. bedroom3, washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Blue, and uses Gray Granite for floor. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Yellow Mosaic as well as uses Gray Marble for floor. bedroom2 is in southwest with 12 square meters. washroom1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Earth_color Ceramics. Additionally, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in north. wall of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color as well as has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile floor. In addition, livingroom1 uses Earth_color Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Green Rock_Plate. livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in east. kitchen1 floor is Yellow Wallpaper while wall is Quartz and Wood_color. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, one storage, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Coating and Black as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Green. washroom1 is in west with 6 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Marble and Green, and floor is Wallpaper and Red. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in north. Moreover, livingroom1 has Purple Jade wall while has Orange Ceramics floor. livingroom1 covers 46 square meters located in center. Additionally, study1 covers 12 square meters located in east. study1 floor is Wood_color Ceramics as well as wall is White Granite. storage1 uses Orange Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. storage1 covers 2 square meters located in center. bedroom1 floor is Gray Quartz as well as has Black Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom1 is in northeast with 15 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile, and has Red Stone_Brick floor. bedroom2 has 14 squares in southeast. bedroom3 wall is Orange Mosaic while floor is Painted_Wood and White. bedroom3 is in northwest with 9 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 is in west with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall, and has Pink Log floor. balcony1 has 5 squares in southeast. balcony1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall while floor is Coating and Wood_color. wall of balcony2 is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color as well as has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, storage1. bedroom1 is next to study1, washroom2, balcony2. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, balcony1, storage1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, three washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in southwest with 16 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Wood_color, and floor is Green Wall_Cloth. bedroom2 has 14 squares in north. bedroom2 floor is Purple Pure_Color_Wood while wall is Jade and Orange. Additionally, bedroom3 is in west with 10 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Gray Wall_Cloth as well as uses Purple Ceramics for floor. Moreover, floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow, and wall is Wood_Grain and Black. washroom1 has 6 squares in west. washroom2 has Purple Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Pink Log. washroom2 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom3 wall is Green Stone_Brick as well as uses Yellow Marble for floor. washroom3 has 4 squares in north. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 has Pink Quartz wall while floor is Log and Pink. livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses White Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Pink. Besides, kitchen1 is in northeast with 11 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and White as well as has Gray Jade floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1, balcony1, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom2, washroom3. kitchen1 is next to washroom2, washroom3. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in center. floor of washroom1 is Ceramics and Green, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow. wall of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Green while floor is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. livingroom1 covers 48 square meters located in center. Additionally, balcony1 is in east with 7 square meters. balcony1 uses White Coating for floor, and has Black Cement_Board wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray as well as has Pink Jade floor. bedroom1 has 16 squares in southwest. bedroom2 has 11 squares in northwest. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood while wall is Granite and Earth_color. In addition, wall of bedroom3 is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray, and has Blue Wallpaper floor. bedroom3 is in north with 10 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Ceramics and Black as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Orange. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom2 floor is Yellow Quartz while wall is Green Coating. balcony1 has 7 squares in south. balcony1 floor is White Cement_Board as well as wall is Yellow Log. balcony2 is in northeast with 3 square meters. balcony2 has Black Wall_Cloth wall, and uses White Ceramic_Tile for floor. In addition, livingroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain floor while has Red Bamboo_Vine wall. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. kitchen1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Blue Coating wall, and uses Gray Granite for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, balcony2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, three bedrooms, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 uses Purple Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Marble and Red. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom2 floor is Green Painted_Wood while wall is White Wall_Cloth. washroom2 is in east with 5 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 has 55 squares in west. livingroom1 wall is Blue Log, and floor is Mosaic and Yellow. In addition, closet1 has Blue Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Earth_color Quartz. closet1 is in center with 4 square meters. Besides, wall of study1 is Painted_Wood and Blue while has Earth_color Wood_Grain floor. study1 is in east with 10 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Purple Wood_Grain, and has Blue Stone_Brick floor. bedroom1 has 20 squares in southeast. bedroom2 has 13 squares in northeast. bedroom2 has Wood_color Rock_Plate wall as well as uses Black Jade for floor. wall of bedroom3 is Mosaic and Wood_color, and floor is Black Rock_Plate. bedroom3 covers 13 square meters located in south. Additionally, floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink as well as wall is Pink Quartz. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, closet1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom2, closet1. bedroom2 is next to study1, washroom1. closet1 and bedroom3 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains three washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Red Coating as well as uses Earth_color Wall_Cloth for floor. In addition, washroom2 wall is Purple Granite, and floor is Purple Coating. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. Moreover, wall of washroom3 is Coating and Yellow while floor is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood. washroom3 covers 2 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has 41 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Wood_color as well as wall is Earth_color Ceramics. In addition, study1 uses Red Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. study1 covers 10 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 is in north with 17 square meters. bedroom1 uses Pink Wall_Cloth for floor while wall is Quartz and Pink. bedroom2 is in center with 15 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color, and has Orange Coating wall. Besides, bedroom3 is in northwest with 11 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Pink Wall_Cloth as well as has Pink Marble wall. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and White while uses Black Quartz for floor. kitchen1 covers 11 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 wall is Pink Wood_Grain, and floor is Black Wood_Veneer. balcony1 is in west with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, study1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony1. washroom2 and balcony1 are connected. washroom2 is next to washroom3. The house plan has three bedrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Gray Wallpaper. In addition, bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 has Orange Coating floor as well as wall is Gray Rock_Plate. Besides, wall of bedroom3 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink, and floor is Pink Jade. bedroom3 has 9 squares in north. balcony1 has 5 squares in east. balcony1 floor is Wood_color Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Quartz and Green, and floor is Mosaic and Black. livingroom1 is in center with 44 square meters. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Marble and Pink while floor is Green Mosaic. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom3, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Pink as well as floor is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom2 wall is Green Ceramic_Tile while uses Orange Granite for floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in northwest. floor of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Purple as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Gray. livingroom1 is in center with 42 square meters. Additionally, study1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. study1 has Purple Log wall while floor is Yellow Mosaic. Moreover, wall of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Orange, and has Gray Painted_Wood floor. bedroom1 has 18 squares in northeast. bedroom2 has White Coating wall while floor is Coating and Blue. bedroom2 is in southeast with 15 square meters. Besides, bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 wall is Blue Painted_Wood as well as uses Orange Bamboo_Vine for floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in west. floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color while wall is Ceramics and Wood_color. balcony1 is in east with 6 square meters. balcony1 floor is Pink Wall_Cloth, and has White Coating wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom2. study1 is next to kitchen1. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 is in west with 6 square meters. washroom1 floor is Green Marble, and wall is Pink Coating. washroom2 has 6 squares in west. washroom2 wall is Blue Wood_Grain as well as floor is Quartz and Yellow. livingroom1 covers 39 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Green while has Blue Marble wall. study1 is in center with 9 square meters. study1 wall is Purple Granite as well as floor is Blue Stone_Brick. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northwest. floor of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Blue, and wall is Log and Orange. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramics and White while has Green Cement_Board floor. bedroom2 has 14 squares in north. kitchen1 is in south with 9 square meters. kitchen1 has Black Painted_Wood wall, and uses Yellow Cement_Board for floor. Additionally, balcony1 floor is Red Wood_Veneer while wall is Yellow Marble. balcony1 is in east with 22 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, washroom1, washroom2. balcony1 is next to bedroom2, kitchen1, study1. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to study1. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has three washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Pink Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Wood_Grain and White. washroom2 is in northeast with 3 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Ceramics and Purple while floor is Green Cement_Board. floor of washroom3 is Coating and Orange as well as has Wood_color Wallpaper wall. washroom3 covers 2 square meters located in east. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Ceramics, and has Black Wood_Veneer floor. livingroom1 covers 43 square meters located in center. Additionally, study1 has 11 squares in north. wall of study1 is Rock_Plate and Blue while floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine. In addition, bedroom1 is in east with 16 square meters. bedroom1 uses Purple Granite for floor, and wall is Granite and Black. bedroom2 has Blue Bamboo_Vine floor as well as has Black Coating wall. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in center. Besides, bedroom3 is in northeast with 12 square meters. bedroom3 uses White Granite for floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Purple. Additionally, kitchen1 wall is Pink Marble, and uses Yellow Marble for floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in northwest. Moreover, balcony1 wall is Earth_color Jade while uses Pink Wood_Veneer for floor. balcony1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom3 are connected. study1 is next to washroom2, washroom3. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Purple Quartz as well as floor is Green Coating. washroom1 has 5 squares in northwest. Moreover, floor of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Pink while wall is Green Marble. bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is in center with 23 square meters. livingroom1 has Gray Log floor as well as has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall. balcony1 is in south with 7 square meters. balcony1 has Green Mosaic floor, and wall is Stone_Brick and Earth_color. bedroom1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom1 uses Earth_color Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Purple Mosaic. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom2 has Orange Quartz floor while wall is Purple Ceramic_Tile. Moreover, bedroom3 has Purple Marble floor as well as wall is Yellow Coating. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. Additionally, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 uses Yellow Wall_Cloth for floor, and has Purple Bamboo_Vine wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Red Mosaic. livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. livingroom1 has White Wall_Cloth wall, and has Wood_color Log floor. kitchen1 floor is Black Stone_Brick while wall is Ceramics and Black. kitchen1 has 4 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine floor, and has Yellow Log wall. washroom1 is in east with 3 square meters. bedroom1 has Black Marble wall as well as floor is Wood_color Coating. bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in west. Moreover, bedroom2 is in southwest with 7 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Pink while wall is Coating and Wood_color. livingroom1 has 23 squares in center. livingroom1 has White Cement_Board floor, and has Orange Wood_Veneer wall. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. kitchen1 has White Wood_Grain wall as well as uses Yellow Ceramics for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Red Stone_Brick wall, and floor is Wallpaper and Blue. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in north. bedroom2 has 15 squares in northeast. bedroom2 wall is Gray Rock_Plate while floor is White Marble. Additionally, bedroom3 wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood as well as floor is Wallpaper and Purple. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in east. In addition, wall of washroom1 is Marble and Blue, and has Purple Wallpaper floor. washroom1 has 6 squares in center. washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Log and Purple while has Red Jade floor. Additionally, balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 wall is Wood_color Log, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Purple. Besides, livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood while has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor. livingroom1 is in west with 44 square meters. kitchen1 is in south with 8 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Purple Wood_Grain, and has Pink Stone_Brick floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. balcony1, washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony1 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in northwest with 5 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Gray as well as has White Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom1 is in east with 19 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Granite and Gray, and uses Purple Ceramic_Tile for floor. bedroom2 wall is White Rock_Plate while has Blue Jade floor. bedroom2 is in east with 12 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 has Blue Rock_Plate wall, and floor is Gray Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 is in center with 19 square meters. Besides, livingroom2 is in west with 11 square meters. livingroom2 uses Gray Wood_Grain for floor as well as wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in west. kitchen1 floor is Yellow Wood_Grain while wall is Purple Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. livingroom2 is next to kitchen1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 14 squares in south. bedroom1 has Green Mosaic floor, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and White as well as uses Pink Wood_Grain for floor. bedroom2 has 13 squares in northeast. floor of bedroom3 is Ceramics and White while wall is White Granite. bedroom3 is in south with 11 square meters. washroom1 wall is Wood_color Quartz, and floor is Green Jade. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. balcony1 has 5 squares in south. balcony1 has Orange Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Black Cement_Board. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Log and Wood_color, and has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in north. kitchen1 uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and White. kitchen1 is in east with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to balcony1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one storage, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 6 squares in north. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Gray, and has White Mosaic floor. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Pink Painted_Wood while uses Orange Rock_Plate for floor. floor of closet1 is Marble and Green, and has Green Marble wall. closet1 is in east with 2 square meters. In addition, storage1 has 2 squares in southeast. floor of storage1 is Wood_Grain and Orange as well as wall is Black Quartz. Besides, bedroom1 has Pink Rock_Plate wall, and uses Yellow Granite for floor. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Black as well as has Yellow Marble floor. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor while wall is Red Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. kitchen1 has Red Mosaic floor, and wall is Blue Marble. balcony1 has Yellow Bamboo_Vine floor as well as has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, closet1, storage1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, closet1. The house plan has one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in west. washroom1 wall is Green Wall_Cloth, and uses Red Ceramics for floor. balcony1 is in southwest with 4 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow as well as wall is Coating and Red. In addition, balcony2 uses Pink Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Earth_color Wallpaper. balcony2 is in southeast with 2 square meters. livingroom1 has Black Painted_Wood wall as well as has Black Wood_Veneer floor. livingroom1 has 52 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. kitchen1 has Blue Coating wall, and uses Gray Wallpaper for floor. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 20 squares in south. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow as well as wall is Ceramics and Pink. wall of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Orange while floor is Purple Ceramics. bedroom2 is in north with 11 square meters. In addition, bedroom3 floor is Green Ceramics, and wall is Orange Jade. bedroom3 has 10 squares in northeast. Besides, floor of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Black while wall is Green Rock_Plate. washroom1 has 5 squares in east. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 wall is Red Bamboo_Vine, and floor is Cement_Board and Wood_color. In addition, livingroom1 is in west with 36 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Gray as well as wall is Red Ceramics. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 uses Earth_color Coating for floor while has Black Stone_Brick wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3, kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in west. washroom1 has Green Wallpaper wall, and floor is Mosaic and Pink. Additionally, livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Blue Quartz while floor is White Bamboo_Vine. wall of storage1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. storage1 covers 2 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 floor is Green Painted_Wood as well as wall is Red Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 has 11 squares in south. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Black while uses White Mosaic for floor. Moreover, bedroom3 is in northeast with 5 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Coating and Black as well as has Pink Quartz floor. kitchen1 has Gray Granite floor while wall is Ceramics and Black. kitchen1 is in center with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Pink Rock_Plate wall as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Blue. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1, storage1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to storage1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in west with 14 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Green as well as has Purple Wallpaper floor. In addition, bedroom2 has 11 squares in southeast. bedroom2 has Green Wood_Grain wall, and uses Purple Coating for floor. Additionally, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. wall of washroom1 is Wallpaper and White while has Yellow Wall_Cloth floor. Besides, balcony1 has 5 squares in north. wall of balcony1 is Ceramics and Gray, and has Red Stone_Brick floor. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Blue Pure_Color_Wood as well as has Black Jade floor. livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. Besides, kitchen1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. kitchen1 has Red Cement_Board wall while has Earth_color Mosaic floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as has Wood_color Coating wall. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 has Gray Wood_Veneer wall while uses Earth_color Mosaic for floor. bedroom2 is in east with 10 square meters. bedroom2 has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall, and floor is Yellow Rock_Plate. bedroom3 has Orange Coating floor as well as has White Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom3 has 6 squares in north. livingroom1 floor is Blue Ceramics while has Yellow Ceramic_Tile wall. livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. kitchen1 is in southeast with 9 square meters. kitchen1 uses Red Quartz for floor, and has Wood_color Coating wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 uses Green Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Blue. bedroom1 has 14 squares in northeast. bedroom2 uses Red Rock_Plate for floor while has Pink Wallpaper wall. bedroom2 is in center with 12 square meters. Moreover, bedroom3 floor is Purple Marble as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. bedroom3 has 10 squares in northwest. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. wall of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Green, and floor is Purple Cement_Board. Besides, washroom2 wall is Purple Mosaic while uses Yellow Mosaic for floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. Moreover, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as uses Red Pure_Color_Wood for floor. livingroom1 covers 40 square meters located in south. wall of livingroom1 is Quartz and Black while has Pink Wood_Grain floor. kitchen1 is in west with 5 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and Yellow, and has Green Coating floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, one corridor, four bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. washroom1 uses Red Wall_Cloth for floor as well as has Blue Ceramics wall. washroom2 has Yellow Marble wall, and floor is Jade and Yellow. washroom2 is in east with 5 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 covers 39 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and White as well as uses Earth_color Jade for floor. study1 floor is Orange Granite while wall is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood. study1 covers 8 square meters located in north. corridor1 has 6 squares in north. corridor1 has Gray Mosaic floor as well as wall is Black Wood_Veneer. Moreover, wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Red while floor is Cement_Board and Black. bedroom1 has 18 squares in south. Besides, bedroom2 has 10 squares in south. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Quartz as well as has Gray Wall_Cloth wall. Additionally, bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in center. wall of bedroom3 is Quartz and Red, and has Yellow Wood_Grain floor. In addition, bedroom4 has Gray Coating wall while floor is Orange Painted_Wood. bedroom4 has 9 squares in southeast. Besides, kitchen1 has Red Granite wall as well as uses Green Granite for floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. Additionally, balcony1 has Green Log wall while floor is Granite and Pink. balcony1 is in northwest with 9 square meters. Besides, balcony2 is in east with 9 square meters. balcony2 has Orange Painted_Wood wall, and has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, bedroom4, balcony1, balcony2, study1, kitchen1, corridor1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom4, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. bedroom4 is next to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 and balcony2 are connected. study1 is next to corridor1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 uses Black Log for floor, and has Orange Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. livingroom1 wall is Green Painted_Wood as well as has Purple Marble floor. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. closet1 floor is Green Wood_Veneer while wall is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. closet1 is in west with 5 square meters. floor of study1 is Mosaic and Black, and has Wood_color Jade wall. study1 has 9 squares in east. In addition, bedroom1 has Red Wood_Veneer wall while uses Pink Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom1 has 16 squares in west. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Black as well as floor is Gray Wallpaper. Additionally, kitchen1 is in east with 11 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color while wall is Blue Log. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, closet1, washroom1. bedroom2, closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to study1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Marble and Black, and wall is Wallpaper and White. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom1 has Gray Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Blue Rock_Plate. Besides, bedroom2 has Blue Wood_Grain wall while floor is Mosaic and Earth_color. bedroom2 has 13 squares in northwest. floor of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Pink, and wall is Earth_color Wallpaper. livingroom1 has 38 squares in center. balcony1 floor is Red Log as well as wall is Gray Wallpaper. balcony1 has 2 squares in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and White. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 has Pink Granite wall while has Blue Mosaic floor. livingroom1 has 59 squares in center. Additionally, kitchen1 is in northeast with 9 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Blue as well as floor is Yellow Wood_Veneer. kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Blue Granite floor as well as wall is Log and Earth_color. bedroom1 is in east with 13 square meters. washroom1 floor is Purple Jade, and wall is Blue Rock_Plate. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. Moreover, wall of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink while floor is Gray Marble. balcony1 has 7 squares in southwest. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Purple Log, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow. livingroom1 has 41 squares in center. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in north. kitchen1 uses Pink Jade for floor while has Green Log wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Blue Mosaic wall, and floor is Wood_Grain and Purple. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in southeast. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 is in northwest with 15 square meters. bedroom3 is in northeast with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Rock_Plate and Blue while has Black Jade floor. Additionally, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom1 has White Mosaic wall, and floor is Orange Ceramic_Tile. In addition, washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Cement_Board and Red while wall is Red Ceramics. balcony1 is in northwest with 4 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Red as well as has Blue Rock_Plate floor. balcony2 is in south with 3 square meters. floor of balcony2 is Coating and Wood_color while wall is Black Rock_Plate. livingroom1 floor is Purple Mosaic, and wall is Red Granite. livingroom1 has 43 squares in center. kitchen1 has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall while has Black Granite floor. kitchen1 is in north with 8 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2. washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, balcony1. kitchen1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one corridor, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Ceramics and Green as well as wall is Black Cement_Board. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. Additionally, washroom2 is in northeast with 4 square meters. washroom2 wall is Pink Quartz while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Green. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Wood_color as well as floor is Jade and Earth_color. livingroom1 has 48 squares in center. Additionally, floor of corridor1 is Cement_Board and Purple, and wall is Gray Wallpaper. corridor1 is in south with 8 square meters. Besides, bedroom1 wall is Pink Cement_Board while floor is Gray Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 has 21 squares in north. bedroom2 has Purple Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Gray. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in north. In addition, bedroom3 covers 13 square meters located in west. bedroom3 has Blue Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. Besides, kitchen1 has 8 squares in southwest. kitchen1 floor is Blue Stone_Brick as well as has Orange Jade wall. balcony1 covers 9 square meters located in east. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and White, and floor is Yellow Wood_Veneer. balcony2 is in west with 5 square meters. balcony2 wall is Black Stone_Brick as well as floor is Coating and Pink. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, corridor1, washroom1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony2. corridor1, balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. To be specific, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 wall is Red Mosaic, and has Black Pure_Color_Wood floor. wall of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Green as well as has Blue Quartz floor. livingroom1 covers 19 square meters located in center. wall of bedroom1 is Log and Purple, and has Wood_color Jade floor. bedroom1 has 8 squares in south. Moreover, bedroom2 has Gray Coating floor as well as wall is Pink Coating. bedroom2 is in southwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 floor is Pink Rock_Plate, and wall is Wood_color Ceramics. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. livingroom1 has 27 squares in east. wall of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Blue as well as floor is Log and Orange. study1 floor is Purple Granite, and has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall. study1 is in northwest with 9 square meters. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. bedroom1 uses Green Jade for floor while has Red Mosaic wall. wall of bedroom2 is Log and Blue, and floor is Green Ceramic_Tile. bedroom2 is in center with 11 square meters. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. kitchen1 wall is Pink Ceramics as well as floor is White Mosaic. Moreover, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 floor is Pink Rock_Plate, and wall is Wood_color Rock_Plate. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, study1. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Red, and floor is Wallpaper and Purple. bedroom1 has 15 squares in southwest. bedroom2 wall is Green Painted_Wood while floor is Wood_Grain and Blue. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 has Earth_color Jade floor, and wall is Wood_color Ceramics. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Pink Ceramics floor while wall is Quartz and Green. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. Additionally, wall of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Purple, and floor is Stone_Brick and Earth_color. balcony1 is in south with 8 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 has Green Ceramics wall as well as uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 43 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 has Pink Jade floor while has Green Mosaic wall. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in northeast with 13 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Yellow Ceramics as well as wall is Orange Wall_Cloth. Additionally, bedroom2 is in southwest with 12 square meters. bedroom2 has Green Wood_Veneer floor while has Black Stone_Brick wall. In addition, bedroom3 uses Green Quartz for floor, and has Blue Rock_Plate wall. bedroom3 is in northwest with 11 square meters. Besides, washroom1 wall is White Stone_Brick as well as uses Red Rock_Plate for floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. balcony1 has Green Wood_Veneer wall, and has White Rock_Plate floor. balcony1 is in east with 5 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Purple while has Pink Quartz floor. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in center. Additionally, kitchen1 has 7 squares in west. kitchen1 wall is Green Mosaic as well as floor is Purple Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Gray as well as wall is Green Wall_Cloth. In addition, bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 has Black Marble floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Blue. Moreover, bedroom3 has Wood_color Wallpaper floor while has Orange Mosaic wall. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in west. washroom1 has 9 squares in west. washroom1 wall is Black Cement_Board as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Red. balcony1 has Green Wallpaper wall, and floor is Coating and Yellow. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Red as well as floor is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. Additionally, kitchen1 floor is Purple Log, and has Earth_color Ceramics wall. kitchen1 has 7 squares in northwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Gray Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Ceramics and Wood_color. livingroom1 has 40 squares in north. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Purple, and has Gray Quartz wall. closet1 has 4 squares in west. closet1 floor is Black Log as well as wall is Wallpaper and Earth_color. study1 uses Red Marble for floor, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and White. study1 is in center with 9 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 has 15 squares in southwest. wall of bedroom1 is Quartz and Earth_color as well as has Black Bamboo_Vine floor. Additionally, bedroom2 has 12 squares in south. bedroom2 uses Purple Wood_Grain for floor while has Pink Coating wall. kitchen1 uses Blue Wood_Veneer for floor, and has Pink Granite wall. kitchen1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. In addition, balcony1 has Gray Marble floor as well as wall is White Cement_Board. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, closet1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, closet1, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to study1, balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. closet1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, two livingrooms, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 uses Earth_color Quartz for floor, and has Black Granite wall. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. livingroom1 has Yellow Jade wall as well as uses Blue Granite for floor. livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in east. In addition, livingroom2 is in west with 23 square meters. wall of livingroom2 is Cement_Board and Earth_color while has Pink Ceramics floor. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in west. bedroom1 floor is Gray Marble, and wall is Wood_color Log. livingroom1 is adjacent to livingroom2, bedroom1, washroom1. bedroom1 and livingroom2 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 uses White Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Black Wood_Veneer. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color while floor is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 is in north with 17 square meters. Additionally, bedroom3 is in northwest with 13 square meters. bedroom3 uses Red Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. washroom1 has 6 squares in east. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Green. floor of washroom2 is Mosaic and Yellow as well as has Black Rock_Plate wall. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in east. In addition, balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 has Black Cement_Board floor while wall is Gray Jade. Besides, livingroom1 has Pink Ceramics wall, and has Yellow Ceramics floor. livingroom1 has 42 squares in center. Moreover, kitchen1 uses Orange Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as has Yellow Stone_Brick wall. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in northeast with 16 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine as well as has Red Wallpaper wall. bedroom2 uses White Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is White Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 is in northwest with 10 square meters. bedroom3 is in north with 10 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Rock_Plate and Gray while uses Yellow Stone_Brick for floor. Additionally, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Red Ceramics as well as has Yellow Rock_Plate floor. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in west. washroom2 floor is Yellow Wood_Grain, and wall is Orange Mosaic. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Gray as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. balcony1 has 13 squares in east. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Blue Jade while has Yellow Rock_Plate floor. livingroom1 is in center with 37 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 has Green Marble wall as well as has Green Ceramics floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2. balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has three washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Pink as well as floor is Pink Marble. washroom2 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom2 uses Wood_color Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Gray Marble. In addition, washroom3 floor is Green Mosaic while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Orange. washroom3 covers 3 square meters located in center. Moreover, livingroom1 is in north with 43 square meters. livingroom1 has Orange Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Black Ceramics. closet1 is in west with 6 square meters. closet1 floor is Red Log as well as has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall. In addition, floor of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Pink while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color. bedroom1 has 18 squares in south. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is White Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is White Log. bedroom2 covers 15 square meters located in south. In addition, bedroom3 has Purple Wallpaper floor as well as has Gray Coating wall. bedroom3 is in center with 13 square meters. kitchen1 wall is White Mosaic while floor is Wallpaper and Green. kitchen1 has 9 squares in northwest. floor of balcony1 is Marble and Blue, and wall is Wood_Grain and Yellow. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, closet1, washroom2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. closet1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. washroom3 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, one corridor, and one balcony. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Coating and Red, and wall is Coating and Red. washroom1 has 3 squares in east. bedroom1 is in center with 12 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Red Coating as well as has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall. Moreover, livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Green Quartz. livingroom1 covers 22 square meters located in west. In addition, wall of corridor1 is Stone_Brick and Blue as well as has White Granite floor. corridor1 has 4 squares in center. Besides, balcony1 wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick while uses Red Pure_Color_Wood for floor. balcony1 is in east with 6 square meters. bedroom1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, corridor1, washroom1. washroom1 and corridor1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in west with 15 square meters. bedroom1 uses Red Wall_Cloth for floor as well as has Red Rock_Plate wall. Moreover, bedroom2 has 9 squares in center. bedroom2 has Gray Wood_Grain wall while floor is Wood_Grain and Red. In addition, washroom1 wall is Gray Jade, and has Green Wall_Cloth floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Besides, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 has Green Mosaic wall as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Yellow. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color, and floor is Earth_color Log. livingroom1 has 30 squares in east. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 floor is White Bamboo_Vine while wall is Orange Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. House has two washrooms, one storage, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. In practice, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in west. washroom1 wall is Green Wood_Grain, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Yellow. Moreover, washroom2 has Purple Mosaic floor as well as wall is Purple Cement_Board. washroom2 is in south with 3 square meters. Additionally, storage1 has Purple Wood_Veneer wall while uses Earth_color Rock_Plate for floor. storage1 is in west with 6 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Marble and Wood_color. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in center. bedroom1 wall is Orange Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Black Mosaic. bedroom1 is in west with 14 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer, and floor is Cement_Board and Purple. bedroom2 is in east with 8 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to storage1, washroom1. washroom1 and storage1 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray as well as has Blue Coating wall. livingroom1 floor is Black Log, and has Blue Wall_Cloth wall. livingroom1 has 24 squares in south. In addition, study1 has Orange Mosaic floor while wall is Black Wood_Grain. study1 is in west with 4 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom1 has Black Rock_Plate floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Wood_color. Additionally, bedroom2 uses Red Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Marble and Red. bedroom2 is in north with 13 square meters. kitchen1 has Blue Coating floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Red. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. Besides, balcony1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. balcony1 wall is Black Quartz as well as has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, study1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, study1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. wall of washroom1 is Log and Red as well as floor is White Wallpaper. washroom2 floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood, and has Yellow Wallpaper wall. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in center. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 32 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Orange Jade while wall is Blue Wallpaper. floor of storage1 is Log and Gray as well as wall is Yellow Cement_Board. storage1 covers 6 square meters located in center. Besides, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in south. bedroom1 floor is Purple Log, and wall is Red Painted_Wood. bedroom2 is in north with 13 square meters. bedroom2 has Pink Wallpaper floor as well as wall is Green Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Orange Painted_Wood floor while wall is White Granite. balcony1 has Green Ceramics floor, and wall is Marble and Orange. balcony1 has 7 squares in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, storage1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1, storage1 and bedroom2 are connected. storage1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. House has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has Orange Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Red. washroom1 is in east with 6 square meters. study1 has 6 squares in northeast. floor of study1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow while wall is Red Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in southeast. floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Black as well as wall is Yellow Painted_Wood. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Gray Pure_Color_Wood while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color. bedroom2 is in south with 12 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 has 37 squares in west. wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray as well as floor is Pink Rock_Plate. balcony1 wall is Purple Stone_Brick while has Blue Granite floor. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom1 uses Blue Wood_Veneer for floor as well as wall is Wood_color Wood_Veneer. In addition, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom2 uses Purple Quartz for floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Green. Moreover, bedroom3 has Blue Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Gray Coating. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. Additionally, washroom1 has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Orange Rock_Plate. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. wall of balcony1 is Marble and White as well as floor is Marble and Green. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. wall of balcony2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange, and has Red Wallpaper floor. livingroom1 floor is Green Ceramics as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Green. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. kitchen1 uses Pink Cement_Board for floor, and has Purple Marble wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. Building layout contains two washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Red, and floor is Cement_Board and Green. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in east. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom2 wall is Earth_color Coating as well as uses Orange Granite for floor. Moreover, floor of study1 is Wallpaper and Red, and has Gray Bamboo_Vine wall. study1 covers 16 square meters located in south. In addition, bedroom1 has 16 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has Yellow Quartz floor while has Green Granite wall. Besides, bedroom2 has 12 squares in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramics and Gray, and has Black Jade floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has Green Wall_Cloth floor while wall is Gray Ceramics. livingroom1 has 52 squares in center. Moreover, balcony1 uses Yellow Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Yellow Ceramics. balcony1 has 6 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 8 squares in northeast. washroom1 has Earth_color Marble floor, and has Orange Coating wall. Additionally, bedroom1 has Orange Quartz wall while has Purple Granite floor. bedroom1 is in center with 17 square meters. livingroom1 is in west with 21 square meters. livingroom1 has Green Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Purple. balcony1 wall is Red Coating, and floor is Black Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 has 5 squares in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Granite and Blue, and has Red Wall_Cloth floor. Moreover, livingroom1 has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. livingroom1 is in center with 26 square meters. Besides, storage1 is in northwest with 9 square meters. storage1 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth floor while wall is Green Wall_Cloth. bedroom1 has 13 squares in southwest. bedroom1 uses Purple Log for floor, and wall is Earth_color Stone_Brick. bedroom2 uses Black Wall_Cloth for floor while has Purple Wood_Grain wall. bedroom2 has 7 squares in northeast. Moreover, kitchen1 uses White Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Green. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. balcony1 has 5 squares in south. balcony1 has Red Quartz wall as well as has Gray Cement_Board floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, storage1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1, kitchen1. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. storage1 is next to washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Black, and has Gray Log wall. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom2 wall is White Granite as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Pink. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom3 floor is Green Ceramic_Tile, and has Red Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Earth_color as well as uses Gray Jade for floor. balcony1 has Red Mosaic wall while floor is Black Cement_Board. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. In addition, livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. livingroom1 has Gray Mosaic wall as well as floor is Gray Ceramics. Moreover, kitchen1 floor is Gray Wall_Cloth while has White Painted_Wood wall. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Blue Cement_Board. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in north. floor of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and White while has Earth_color Quartz wall. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in west. washroom1 wall is Red Wall_Cloth, and uses Purple Ceramics for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony1 is in east with 7 square meters. balcony1 floor is Blue Wallpaper while wall is Stone_Brick and Blue. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Gray Wood_Grain, and wall is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 has 28 squares in center. Moreover, kitchen1 wall is Red Pure_Color_Wood as well as uses Yellow Cement_Board for floor. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, three washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 17 squares in east. floor of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and White as well as has Pink Rock_Plate wall. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in center. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Wood_Grain, and has Gray Wood_Veneer floor. Additionally, wall of bedroom3 is Quartz and Pink as well as floor is Black Wood_Grain. bedroom3 is in southeast with 9 square meters. In addition, washroom1 has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall while has Pink Cement_Board floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. Besides, wall of washroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and White as well as has Earth_color Wood_Grain floor. washroom2 has 3 squares in south. washroom3 wall is Yellow Coating, and uses Black Wall_Cloth for floor. washroom3 is in south with 2 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 has Black Coating wall as well as floor is Wood_color Wallpaper. balcony1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 has 38 squares in west. wall of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Purple, and uses Black Coating for floor. Additionally, kitchen1 has Earth_color Granite floor while wall is Red Pure_Color_Wood. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. washroom2, washroom3 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom2 is next to washroom3. The house plan has one washroom, one study, one livingroom, and one bedroom. Specifically, washroom1 has 3 squares in southeast. washroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall, and uses Blue Granite for floor. Moreover, study1 floor is Green Wall_Cloth while has Purple Quartz wall. study1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. Besides, livingroom1 has 21 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and Black, and wall is Coating and Wood_color. bedroom1 has 11 squares in west. bedroom1 wall is Purple Log as well as uses Green Pure_Color_Wood for floor. bedroom1, study1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. More specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in center. washroom1 has Wood_color Ceramics wall as well as floor is Green Granite. livingroom1 has 29 squares in east. livingroom1 has Wood_color Mosaic floor while wall is Yellow Wood_Grain. bedroom1 wall is Blue Cement_Board, and floor is Purple Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 has 20 squares in west. floor of bedroom2 is Marble and Gray while wall is Rock_Plate and Wood_color. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, three washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 15 squares in north. bedroom1 has Orange Wood_Veneer wall as well as has White Wood_Grain floor. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Orange Ceramics while has Earth_color Quartz floor. bedroom2 has 12 squares in northwest. Moreover, bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in center. bedroom3 floor is Orange Ceramics as well as wall is Wallpaper and Green. In addition, washroom1 wall is Yellow Rock_Plate, and has Red Wood_Grain floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom2 floor is Yellow Coating as well as wall is Gray Painted_Wood. washroom2 has 3 squares in west. washroom3 covers 2 square meters located in center. washroom3 has Red Wood_Grain wall, and uses Gray Jade for floor. balcony1 wall is Black Marble as well as floor is White Log. balcony1 is in east with 7 square meters. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in southwest. balcony2 has Pink Jade wall, and floor is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. livingroom1 wall is Blue Ceramics while floor is Blue Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Wall_Cloth as well as has Blue Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 is in west with 3 square meters. washroom1 has Purple Jade wall, and floor is Log and Green. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Earth_color Granite floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Purple. Moreover, balcony1 is in east with 5 square meters. balcony1 floor is Gray Ceramics, and has Red Wall_Cloth wall. balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in south with 16 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Yellow Marble, and uses Purple Pure_Color_Wood for floor. bedroom2 floor is Yellow Granite as well as wall is Purple Marble. bedroom2 is in west with 12 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Red Marble, and floor is Granite and Blue. bedroom3 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. In addition, washroom1 is in north with 3 square meters. washroom1 floor is Red Ceramics while wall is Marble and Blue. balcony1 floor is Yellow Stone_Brick as well as wall is Yellow Wall_Cloth. balcony1 is in north with 3 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in east. wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Green while floor is Granite and Yellow. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 uses Red Cement_Board for floor, and has Gray Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. balcony1 and washroom1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Red, and has Red Coating wall. bedroom1 is in southeast with 13 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 has 10 squares in northwest. floor of bedroom2 is Granite and Pink as well as wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. Moreover, washroom1 wall is Yellow Ceramic_Tile while floor is Marble and Blue. washroom1 is in west with 3 square meters. washroom2 wall is Yellow Quartz, and floor is Stone_Brick and White. washroom2 is in west with 1 square meters. balcony1 floor is Gray Wallpaper while has Earth_color Coating wall. balcony1 is in north with 5 square meters. In addition, balcony2 uses Red Jade for floor as well as has Earth_color Granite wall. balcony2 is in west with 3 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Black Wallpaper while wall is Wood_Grain and Black. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in southwest. wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and Red, and floor is Wood_color Coating. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2 is next to balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. balcony2, washroom1, washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony2 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom1 floor is Purple Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Purple Wallpaper. Additionally, bedroom2 is in northwest with 8 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Orange Rock_Plate while has Yellow Cement_Board floor. washroom1 has Black Quartz floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Purple. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. In addition, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in east. balcony1 uses Red Quartz for floor while has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. balcony2 uses Wood_color Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. livingroom1 is in center with 23 square meters. livingroom1 uses White Coating for floor as well as wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. kitchen1 is in south with 5 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Jade and Green while has Green Granite wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 floor is Blue Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. In addition, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom2 wall is Black Painted_Wood while floor is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. bedroom3 wall is Wood_color Rock_Plate, and has Red Pure_Color_Wood floor. Additionally, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Yellow Coating wall while floor is White Wall_Cloth. Besides, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 has Yellow Granite wall, and has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor. livingroom1 uses Purple Wood_Veneer for floor as well as has White Log wall. livingroom1 is in center with 30 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 uses Black Quartz for floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Blue. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Red Rock_Plate wall, and floor is Stone_Brick and Black. Moreover, bedroom1 floor is Green Jade while wall is Gray Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 is in northwest with 13 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine as well as has Green Painted_Wood floor. bedroom2 has 12 squares in north. livingroom1 wall is Pink Marble, and uses Black Stone_Brick for floor. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 wall is Pink Wall_Cloth while has Green Quartz floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in east. washroom1 uses Black Stone_Brick for floor, and has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall. Moreover, washroom2 has 4 squares in east. floor of washroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Red as well as wall is Green Wood_Veneer. Besides, livingroom1 is in center with 43 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Purple, and floor is Black Marble. In addition, study1 wall is Black Marble as well as uses Gray Ceramics for floor. study1 is in northeast with 11 square meters. bedroom1 has 17 squares in southeast. bedroom1 floor is Yellow Ceramics, and has Yellow Painted_Wood wall. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 has Orange Wood_Veneer floor while wall is Ceramics and Orange. Additionally, bedroom3 has 9 squares in northwest. floor of bedroom3 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink, and has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall. kitchen1 floor is Blue Coating while wall is Red Granite. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. In addition, balcony1 has Black Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Orange Stone_Brick. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. kitchen1, washroom2 and study1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. To be specific, washroom1 has 10 squares in north. washroom1 uses Blue Log for floor, and has Green Painted_Wood wall. Moreover, livingroom1 has Orange Granite floor while wall is Granite and Pink. livingroom1 has 61 squares in center. bedroom1 has Red Ceramics floor as well as has Gray Coating wall. bedroom1 is in south with 22 square meters. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Orange while uses Gray Wallpaper for floor. bedroom2 has 17 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in center. bedroom1 wall is Blue Cement_Board as well as uses Blue Wood_Veneer for floor. In addition, bedroom2 floor is Earth_color Wallpaper while has Purple Painted_Wood wall. bedroom2 has 9 squares in northeast. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 has Gray Rock_Plate wall as well as has Yellow Wall_Cloth floor. balcony1 has 4 squares in southwest. balcony1 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall while has Pink Quartz floor. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Jade and Black, and wall is Red Wood_Grain. In addition, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. floor of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange as well as has Blue Rock_Plate wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 floor is Wood_color Ceramics, and wall is Wood_Grain and Blue. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Purple while has Earth_color Coating wall. Moreover, livingroom1 has 19 squares in west. livingroom1 floor is Pink Mosaic as well as wall is Log and White. kitchen1 has 5 squares in center. kitchen1 uses Orange Quartz for floor while wall is Granite and Earth_color. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in southwest with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Gray, and floor is Jade and Red. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in west. bedroom2 uses Gray Cement_Board for floor while wall is Earth_color Wood_Grain. Moreover, washroom1 has Black Wallpaper floor, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. balcony1 has 5 squares in west. balcony1 uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Black Wallpaper. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Green Wood_Veneer, and has Gray Wallpaper wall. livingroom1 is in east with 15 square meters. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. kitchen1 uses White Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Blue Stone_Brick. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 uses Red Quartz for floor, and wall is Red Mosaic. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom1 wall is Yellow Painted_Wood as well as floor is Wood_color Wallpaper. livingroom1 has White Ceramic_Tile floor while wall is Orange Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 is in center with 25 square meters. kitchen1 has Earth_color Granite wall, and uses Yellow Wall_Cloth for floor. kitchen1 has 12 squares in west. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains three washrooms, one study, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in southwest. washroom1 floor is Red Quartz as well as has Yellow Granite wall. Moreover, washroom2 wall is Orange Wallpaper while floor is Black Jade. washroom2 has 2 squares in north. washroom3 wall is Earth_color Mosaic as well as floor is Green Painted_Wood. washroom3 covers 2 square meters located in center. In addition, floor of study1 is Quartz and Wood_color, and has Red Jade wall. study1 covers 8 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Blue while uses Orange Ceramic_Tile for floor. bedroom1 has 17 squares in west. bedroom2 has 14 squares in center. bedroom2 has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Pink. wall of bedroom3 is Wood_Grain and Earth_color, and floor is Black Wood_Veneer. bedroom3 is in northwest with 12 square meters. livingroom1 has 56 squares in east. livingroom1 uses Yellow Pure_Color_Wood for floor while has Pink Granite wall. balcony1 is in north with 4 square meters. balcony1 has Blue Ceramics floor as well as wall is Red Jade. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, washroom2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom3 is next to study1. washroom2, washroom3 and study1 are connected. washroom2 is next to washroom3. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray as well as uses Gray Pure_Color_Wood for floor. bedroom1 is in north with 18 square meters. bedroom1 has Gray Coating wall, and floor is Red Ceramics. bedroom2 has Red Log wall while has Purple Log floor. bedroom2 is in south with 12 square meters. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Wood_color, and floor is Marble and Blue. livingroom1 is in center with 23 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 has Earth_color Ceramics wall while floor is Granite and Gray. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Yellow Granite. Moreover, bedroom2 is in southwest with 10 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Jade and Purple. wall of bedroom3 is Mosaic and Purple, and has Gray Wallpaper floor. bedroom3 has 9 squares in northeast. Besides, washroom1 has Yellow Coating wall as well as uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. balcony1 has 6 squares in west. balcony1 has Orange Quartz wall while uses Purple Log for floor. livingroom1 has Pink Log wall, and uses Pink Jade for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 30 square meters. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in east. kitchen1 has Green Stone_Brick wall while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor, and has Earth_color Cement_Board wall. washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Wood_color while uses Green Wall_Cloth for floor. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 has Yellow Jade floor, and wall is Jade and Wood_color. livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. floor of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and Wood_color while wall is Jade and Orange. kitchen1 is in west with 12 square meters. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has Blue Wall_Cloth wall, and has Orange Stone_Brick floor. washroom1 has 6 squares in center. Moreover, livingroom1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall as well as uses Black Wood_Grain for floor. livingroom1 is in south with 29 square meters. study1 has Pink Log wall while has Pink Mosaic floor. study1 has 6 squares in north. bedroom1 is in northeast with 13 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Black as well as wall is Green Marble. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in east. wall of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Black while floor is Coating and Yellow. Additionally, kitchen1 has Pink Mosaic floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Red. kitchen1 has 8 squares in southwest. balcony1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. balcony1 floor is Black Wallpaper, and wall is Green Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 has Wood_color Quartz wall as well as has Pink Log floor. In addition, bedroom2 has 12 squares in northwest. bedroom2 floor is Earth_color Wallpaper, and wall is Pink Ceramics. Additionally, bedroom3 has 11 squares in south. bedroom3 wall is Pink Wood_Grain while floor is Red Wallpaper. washroom1 has Gray Mosaic wall, and floor is Wood_color Mosaic. washroom1 has 6 squares in west. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in southeast. washroom2 has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Orange Jade. balcony1 wall is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine, and has Purple Jade floor. balcony1 has 7 squares in north. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Cement_Board as well as uses White Painted_Wood for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 37 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 has 8 squares in southeast. kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Pink. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. Specifically, washroom1 has Blue Log floor, and wall is Yellow Jade. washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. livingroom1 has Green Wood_Grain floor while has Green Painted_Wood wall. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in center. In addition, bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. floor of bedroom1 is Jade and Black as well as wall is Ceramics and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 7 squares in center. washroom1 wall is Wood_color Rock_Plate as well as uses Green Quartz for floor. Moreover, washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom2 uses Black Wood_Veneer for floor while wall is Purple Marble. livingroom1 covers 68 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Pink Mosaic wall as well as floor is Pink Log. wall of closet1 is Granite and Blue, and floor is Green Cement_Board. closet1 has 3 squares in north. In addition, study1 has 12 squares in north. study1 has Yellow Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Black. bedroom1 has Purple Granite floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 has White Granite floor while has Blue Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom2 is in southeast with 68 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 is in southwest with 10 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Jade as well as uses Gray Wood_Grain for floor. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Wood_color, and has Orange Cement_Board floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, closet1. bedroom2 is next to study1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, washroom2. study1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 is next to closet1. Building layout contains three washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Wallpaper and White as well as floor is Green Ceramics. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. In addition, washroom2 has 3 squares in north. wall of washroom2 is Jade and Pink, and uses Wood_color Log for floor. Moreover, floor of washroom3 is Jade and White as well as has Green Log wall. washroom3 covers 2 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Red Ceramic_Tile wall, and has Yellow Ceramic_Tile floor. livingroom1 has 34 squares in center. In addition, study1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. study1 has Yellow Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Yellow. bedroom1 uses Red Wood_Veneer for floor while has Blue Ceramics wall. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in southeast. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in center. bedroom2 floor is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile as well as has Wood_color Coating wall. bedroom3 is in northeast with 10 square meters. bedroom3 has Orange Bamboo_Vine wall, and floor is Black Painted_Wood. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Log and Gray while uses Blue Ceramics for floor. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 is in south with 5 square meters. balcony1 wall is Wood_color Wall_Cloth, and uses Black Wallpaper for floor. balcony2 has 3 squares in northwest. wall of balcony2 is Log and Pink while uses Gray Granite for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2, washroom3. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. study1 is adjacent to balcony2. kitchen1 is next to washroom2, washroom3. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. House has three bedrooms, three washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 18 squares in southwest. bedroom1 has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor, and has Green Log wall. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine while has Earth_color Mosaic wall. bedroom3 is in center with 10 square meters. bedroom3 has Blue Jade floor as well as wall is Marble and Earth_color. Moreover, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor, and has Earth_color Ceramics wall. Additionally, washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom2 wall is Black Ceramics as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Wood_color. washroom3 floor is Yellow Painted_Wood, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Gray. washroom3 covers 4 square meters located in west. Moreover, balcony1 has 7 squares in north. wall of balcony1 is Marble and Red as well as uses Wood_color Jade for floor. balcony2 uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor while has Gray Pure_Color_Wood wall. balcony2 has 6 squares in southeast. Besides, livingroom1 has 43 squares in east. livingroom1 uses Pink Marble for floor, and wall is Wallpaper and Orange. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. floor of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow as well as has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, balcony2, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, washroom2. washroom1, washroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to kitchen1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, one corridor, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 has 5 squares in center. washroom1 floor is Black Jade, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Green. In addition, bedroom1 has 16 squares in north. floor of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and White while has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom2 has 12 squares in west. bedroom2 wall is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Black Painted_Wood. Additionally, livingroom1 has 35 squares in south. livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood, and wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood. In addition, floor of corridor1 is Stone_Brick and Wood_color as well as wall is Coating and Wood_color. corridor1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. Additionally, wall of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Blue while has Red Cement_Board floor. balcony1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. Moreover, balcony2 has Pink Wallpaper wall, and floor is White Wall_Cloth. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, corridor1, washroom1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. washroom1 is next to balcony2. The building contains one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Earth_color Quartz as well as uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor. Additionally, study1 is in west with 8 square meters. study1 uses Red Wood_Veneer for floor, and has Red Quartz wall. Moreover, bedroom1 wall is Black Ceramic_Tile while floor is Stone_Brick and Black. bedroom1 has 17 squares in east. bedroom2 has 9 squares in west. bedroom2 has Gray Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Cement_Board and Yellow. livingroom1 wall is Blue Painted_Wood as well as floor is Pink Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 is in center with 6 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Pink Rock_Plate while floor is Purple Painted_Wood. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1. study1 is next to kitchen1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 uses Yellow Mosaic for floor, and wall is Red Wallpaper. washroom1 has 3 squares in west. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in center. washroom2 has Earth_color Cement_Board floor while wall is Mosaic and Gray. study1 covers 7 square meters located in north. study1 has Green Wallpaper wall, and uses White Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom1 has 12 squares in east. floor of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Pink as well as wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 has 9 squares in northwest. bedroom2 uses Pink Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is White Wood_Veneer. floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and Orange while wall is White Jade. livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in south. Moreover, livingroom2 has Gray Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Pink. livingroom2 is in southeast with 5 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in west. kitchen1 has White Wallpaper wall while floor is Ceramics and Yellow. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, study1, livingroom2, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to study1, livingroom2. kitchen1, study1, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 wall is Green Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Purple Cement_Board. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. In addition, bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 has Purple Ceramic_Tile floor, and has Red Wall_Cloth wall. Additionally, bedroom3 is in southwest with 8 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Green Quartz while floor is Jade and Yellow. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. washroom1 has Gray Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. balcony1 is in south with 3 square meters. balcony1 has Blue Wood_Grain floor as well as has Yellow Granite wall. livingroom1 has 35 squares in east. livingroom1 uses Gray Painted_Wood for floor while has Green Stone_Brick wall. In addition, kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Green, and floor is Log and White. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 is next to balcony1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. In practice, washroom1 has Wood_color Granite floor, and has Pink Jade wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in southwest. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Pink as well as uses Earth_color Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 covers 21 square meters located in center. bedroom1 has 15 squares in east. wall of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Purple while uses Purple Quartz for floor. Besides, bedroom2 has Wood_color Rock_Plate wall, and uses Orange Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom2 has 9 squares in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Yellow, and has Pink Coating floor. bedroom1 is in north with 11 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 is in east with 9 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Rock_Plate while floor is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom3 has Orange Cement_Board wall as well as has Green Bamboo_Vine floor. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. washroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Mosaic and White. Moreover, balcony1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. balcony1 uses Red Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. In addition, livingroom1 has Red Coating wall while uses Red Mosaic for floor. livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in south. Besides, kitchen1 uses Red Quartz for floor, and has Orange Coating wall. kitchen1 has 5 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains three washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 floor is Yellow Mosaic as well as wall is Red Wallpaper. In addition, floor of washroom2 is Granite and Blue, and has Purple Marble wall. washroom2 is in east with 3 square meters. Besides, washroom3 has 2 squares in east. wall of washroom3 is Rock_Plate and Green while floor is Wood_color Quartz. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Orange, and floor is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. livingroom1 is in center with 55 square meters. Moreover, closet1 covers 7 square meters located in east. closet1 wall is Wood_color Mosaic while uses Earth_color Ceramic_Tile for floor. study1 has 12 squares in north. wall of study1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Green. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in east. bedroom1 floor is Gray Marble while wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 is in southwest with 16 square meters. bedroom2 has Orange Bamboo_Vine floor, and wall is Marble and Wood_color. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 has Yellow Cement_Board floor as well as wall is Gray Ceramics. kitchen1 has 10 squares in northwest. kitchen1 uses Orange Jade for floor while has Gray Jade wall. Besides, balcony1 wall is Black Log, and floor is Green Rock_Plate. balcony1 has 15 squares in south. Moreover, balcony2 has 4 squares in southwest. balcony2 floor is Red Wood_Grain as well as has White Ceramics wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, study1, kitchen1, closet1, washroom2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, closet1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, balcony2. washroom2, balcony2 and balcony1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to study1, closet1, washroom1. washroom1 and closet1 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in east with 18 square meters. bedroom1 uses Pink Coating for floor as well as wall is Yellow Mosaic. bedroom2 has Earth_color Marble wall while floor is Wood_Grain and Purple. bedroom2 is in west with 12 square meters. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. floor of washroom1 is Jade and Purple as well as wall is Cement_Board and Green. balcony1 is in east with 7 square meters. balcony1 uses Pink Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Green Marble. Moreover, livingroom1 has 35 squares in center. livingroom1 has Gray Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is White Jade. kitchen1 is in west with 7 square meters. kitchen1 has Gray Quartz wall while has Purple Log floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Ceramics and Gray, and uses Black Ceramic_Tile for floor. In addition, washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in north. washroom2 wall is Purple Coating while floor is Stone_Brick and White. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Yellow, and floor is Granite and Purple. livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in center. In addition, study1 floor is Blue Ceramics as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Pink. study1 is in north with 7 square meters. Additionally, corridor1 floor is Earth_color Granite while wall is Orange Rock_Plate. corridor1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in south. bedroom1 has Pink Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Green Rock_Plate. Besides, bedroom2 is in center with 11 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue as well as wall is Wood_color Wallpaper. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. floor of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Gray while wall is Blue Wood_Veneer. wall of balcony1 is Granite and Earth_color, and floor is Rock_Plate and Red. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, corridor1, kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. corridor1 is adjacent to study1, kitchen1, washroom2. study1 is next to washroom2. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains three washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 has Purple Marble wall as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Pink. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom2 uses White Marble for floor, and wall is Coating and Green. washroom3 has Pink Jade wall while floor is Earth_color Granite. washroom3 is in north with 2 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 wall is White Quartz as well as uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor. bedroom1 has 16 squares in southwest. Additionally, bedroom2 has 12 squares in north. wall of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Purple while uses Blue Coating for floor. bedroom3 has 9 squares in center. bedroom3 wall is Black Wood_Grain as well as uses Yellow Rock_Plate for floor. Besides, livingroom1 covers 40 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Yellow Painted_Wood floor, and has Blue Wood_Grain wall. Additionally, wall of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Black as well as floor is Green Painted_Wood. balcony1 has 6 squares in southeast. Moreover, balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in south. balcony2 has Wood_color Jade floor while wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to balcony2. balcony1 is adjacent to balcony2. washroom2 is next to washroom3. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Pink Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom1 is in east with 20 square meters. bedroom2 has Earth_color Ceramics wall as well as has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom2 has 13 squares in center. washroom1 has Black Jade floor, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Purple. washroom1 has 20 squares in northeast. balcony1 has Yellow Log floor as well as wall is Log and Earth_color. balcony1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is in west with 29 square meters. livingroom1 uses Blue Jade for floor while has Gray Wallpaper wall. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. kitchen1 has Wood_color Cement_Board floor as well as has Red Ceramic_Tile wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. floor of washroom1 is Coating and Red as well as has Purple Mosaic wall. Additionally, bedroom1 is in west with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Green, and has Red Rock_Plate floor. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in center. wall of bedroom2 is Coating and Earth_color as well as floor is Orange Wood_Grain. livingroom1 is in east with 34 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Orange while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Black. Moreover, kitchen1 has 10 squares in north. kitchen1 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth floor as well as has Purple Coating wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in northeast. floor of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Black as well as has Black Stone_Brick wall. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in north. bedroom2 has Purple Wood_Veneer floor while wall is Yellow Quartz. floor of bedroom3 is Marble and Black, and wall is Purple Quartz. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in east. In addition, washroom1 has 6 squares in center. washroom1 has Pink Bamboo_Vine wall as well as has White Quartz floor. Moreover, washroom2 floor is Green Ceramics while wall is Purple Marble. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in north. Besides, balcony1 wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick, and has White Wallpaper floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. Moreover, livingroom1 has Blue Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Wood_color. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in south. Besides, wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and White, and uses Black Quartz for floor. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has Orange Ceramics wall as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. bedroom1 uses Wood_color Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Marble and Black. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall while has Purple Jade floor. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Red Quartz as well as uses Gray Coating for floor. Additionally, kitchen1 has Pink Stone_Brick floor while wall is Ceramics and Black. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. The building contains three washrooms, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 has 7 squares in west. wall of washroom1 is Jade and Orange, and floor is Gray Wallpaper. washroom2 is in north with 3 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Purple as well as has Earth_color Painted_Wood wall. washroom3 floor is Black Jade while wall is Purple Wood_Veneer. washroom3 is in center with 3 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood as well as uses Blue Pure_Color_Wood for floor. livingroom1 has 65 squares in center. floor of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Green, and has Blue Quartz wall. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 has 12 squares in northwest. bedroom2 wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Granite and Gray. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom2 is next to washroom3. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in southeast. floor of washroom1 is Ceramics and Wood_color as well as wall is Ceramics and Purple. In addition, bedroom1 floor is Red Quartz while wall is Wallpaper and White. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has 13 squares in east. wall of bedroom2 is Marble and White, and uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor. floor of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Blue while has Yellow Marble wall. livingroom1 is in center with 22 square meters. kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. kitchen1 uses Gray Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Earth_color Ceramics. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has one bedroom, one study, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Earth_color as well as has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor. bedroom1 is in north with 17 square meters. study1 wall is Blue Coating while floor is Green Quartz. study1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. Additionally, wall of balcony1 is Rock_Plate and Blue as well as floor is Gray Wood_Veneer. balcony1 covers 11 square meters located in west. livingroom1 floor is Blue Granite while has Purple Bamboo_Vine wall. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. In addition, livingroom2 covers 20 square meters located in south. livingroom2 has Gray Mosaic wall as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color. Besides, kitchen1 has 8 squares in south. kitchen1 has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall, and floor is Rock_Plate and Pink. livingroom2, bedroom1, balcony1, study1 and livingroom1 are connected. livingroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. bedroom1 is next to study1. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 floor is White Ceramic_Tile, and has Red Quartz wall. washroom1 has 5 squares in south. bedroom1 wall is Blue Stone_Brick while has Green Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom1 is in southwest with 15 square meters. livingroom1 has Pink Wallpaper wall, and uses Green Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in center. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Wall_Cloth and Orange as well as wall is Coating and Black. kitchen1 is in east with 7 square meters. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 uses Orange Granite for floor as well as wall is Blue Cement_Board. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Wallpaper while has Red Bamboo_Vine floor. livingroom1 has 39 squares in south. Additionally, closet1 floor is Earth_color Mosaic as well as wall is Granite and Yellow. closet1 has 11 squares in northeast. Besides, storage1 covers 7 square meters located in east. wall of storage1 is Cement_Board and Blue while floor is Red Log. Moreover, bedroom1 has 21 squares in northwest. bedroom1 uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor, and has Pink Coating wall. Besides, bedroom2 covers 15 square meters located in west. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Rock_Plate as well as has Black Rock_Plate wall. kitchen1 has 11 squares in east. kitchen1 uses White Ceramics for floor, and wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine. Moreover, balcony1 has Blue Wall_Cloth wall as well as has Earth_color Rock_Plate floor. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. balcony2 wall is White Quartz, and floor is Wallpaper and Orange. balcony2 has 3 squares in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, storage1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, closet1, washroom1, balcony2. balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. closet1 is next to kitchen1, storage1, washroom1. storage1 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony1 is next to balcony2. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 wall is White Marble, and uses Wood_color Ceramic_Tile for floor. bedroom1 has 15 squares in northwest. bedroom2 has 11 squares in east. floor of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Gray as well as wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. Moreover, bedroom3 is in northeast with 11 square meters. bedroom3 uses Red Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Green Granite. In addition, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Orange Coating as well as uses Pink Wood_Veneer for floor. Besides, washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Mosaic and Pink, and has Pink Cement_Board wall. Additionally, balcony1 has Purple Wallpaper floor while wall is Purple Wood_Veneer. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in east. Moreover, balcony2 is in west with 7 square meters. balcony2 has Wood_color Log floor as well as has White Wallpaper wall. livingroom1 has 38 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Log while has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor. In addition, kitchen1 floor is Black Stone_Brick as well as wall is Green Coating. kitchen1 has 5 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony2, washroom1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom3, balcony1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom2 and balcony1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 18 squares in south. bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Stone_Brick as well as has Black Bamboo_Vine floor. In addition, bedroom2 is in southeast with 12 square meters. bedroom2 has Earth_color Log wall while has Blue Coating floor. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 has Earth_color Mosaic floor, and has Earth_color Quartz wall. washroom1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 has Purple Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Orange Rock_Plate. Additionally, balcony1 has White Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Pink Wall_Cloth. balcony1 is in west with 8 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Blue as well as wall is Blue Painted_Wood. livingroom1 is in center with 42 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 floor is White Quartz, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Black. kitchen1 is in east with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. kitchen1 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one corridor, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 has Black Wallpaper wall as well as uses White Ceramics for floor. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 is in north with 35 square meters. livingroom1 uses Yellow Log for floor, and has Yellow Coating wall. In addition, closet1 has 5 squares in west. closet1 floor is Blue Wallpaper as well as has Yellow Wood_Grain wall. wall of corridor1 is Granite and Orange, and has Gray Ceramic_Tile floor. corridor1 covers 3 square meters located in east. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 uses Red Granite for floor as well as wall is Quartz and Wood_color. bedroom2 has White Ceramics wall while floor is Yellow Ceramics. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in south. In addition, bedroom3 has Purple Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Earth_color Marble. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 has Purple Ceramic_Tile floor while wall is Purple Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. Besides, balcony1 has 4 squares in south. balcony1 has Black Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Stone_Brick and Red. Moreover, balcony2 has 3 squares in northeast. balcony2 has Pink Rock_Plate wall as well as floor is Mosaic and Green. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, closet1, corridor1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom2, closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. closet1, washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to corridor1, balcony2. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Yellow, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Blue. bedroom1 is in east with 10 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Gray Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. bedroom2 is in center with 7 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Black while has Wood_color Marble floor. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in west. balcony1 has Yellow Bamboo_Vine wall as well as uses Earth_color Quartz for floor. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. balcony2 has Gray Coating floor while has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall. balcony2 has 3 squares in south. wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Pink as well as floor is Jade and Orange. livingroom1 is in northwest with 17 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Orange Rock_Plate, and has Blue Stone_Brick floor. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, balcony2. kitchen1 is next to balcony2, washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, one closet, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 wall is Pink Cement_Board as well as floor is Red Wood_Veneer. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. Moreover, bedroom1 is in north with 17 square meters. bedroom1 has White Wood_Veneer floor while has Yellow Painted_Wood wall. In addition, bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in north. bedroom2 has Orange Quartz wall, and floor is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Wood_color as well as uses Orange Rock_Plate for floor. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in south. Besides, closet1 wall is Yellow Cement_Board, and floor is Gray Painted_Wood. closet1 has 5 squares in center. In addition, balcony1 has White Log floor as well as wall is Purple Ceramics. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, closet1, washroom1. bedroom2, balcony1, closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in northeast with 18 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Black, and has White Bamboo_Vine floor. bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has Red Bamboo_Vine wall as well as floor is Wood_Grain and Red. bedroom3 has Pink Bamboo_Vine wall, and uses Green Stone_Brick for floor. bedroom3 is in west with 8 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 has Yellow Jade floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. balcony1 wall is Green Wood_Veneer, and floor is Pink Marble. balcony1 is in northwest with 5 square meters. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Red Wallpaper wall as well as uses Yellow Stone_Brick for floor. wall of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Earth_color, and uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, balcony1. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has Yellow Quartz floor as well as wall is Green Cement_Board. washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. bedroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Purple, and wall is Wood_Grain and Blue. In addition, floor of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Pink as well as has Red Log wall. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has 18 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Orange Wood_Grain while has Blue Mosaic floor. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. wall of kitchen1 is Coating and Green as well as has Orange Coating floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Coating and Gray, and wall is Red Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 floor is Pink Wood_Grain as well as wall is Blue Stone_Brick. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom3 has Gray Coating wall while floor is Yellow Rock_Plate. Additionally, washroom1 uses Black Marble for floor as well as wall is Green Quartz. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. In addition, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Cement_Board while uses Blue Stone_Brick for floor. Besides, balcony2 has Pink Ceramics floor as well as has Blue Wood_Veneer wall. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. wall of livingroom1 is Quartz and Purple, and uses Black Ceramic_Tile for floor. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. Moreover, kitchen1 wall is Black Jade as well as uses Black Log for floor. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. House has three bedrooms, three washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Green as well as uses Pink Ceramic_Tile for floor. bedroom1 has 13 squares in southwest. bedroom2 floor is Pink Painted_Wood, and wall is Stone_Brick and Yellow. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in west. bedroom3 floor is Yellow Jade while wall is Cement_Board and Earth_color. bedroom3 has 7 squares in center. Moreover, washroom1 uses Gray Log for floor, and wall is Jade and Red. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. washroom2 is in east with 3 square meters. washroom2 has Red Wallpaper floor while has Blue Quartz wall. Besides, washroom3 has Pink Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. washroom3 has 2 squares in center. balcony1 has 3 squares in east. balcony1 has Yellow Stone_Brick floor while wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray, and floor is Orange Wood_Grain. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in north. Additionally, kitchen1 has Red Cement_Board wall while has Wood_color Cement_Board floor. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, balcony1, washroom3. kitchen1 is next to washroom2, balcony1. washroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom3. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. Specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. floor of washroom1 is Ceramics and Purple, and wall is Ceramics and Purple. Moreover, livingroom1 floor is Blue Granite as well as has White Rock_Plate wall. livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. In addition, bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Ceramics, and has Green Log floor. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. washroom1 floor is Blue Jade as well as has Red Marble wall. floor of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Black, and wall is Ceramics and Orange. bedroom1 is in west with 12 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple as well as wall is Black Marble. livingroom1 is in east with 19 square meters. balcony1 has 5 squares in west. balcony1 floor is Purple Rock_Plate, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has 7 squares in northeast. washroom1 uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. Additionally, wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Earth_color, and uses Red Marble for floor. bedroom1 is in north with 22 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 is in center with 26 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Log and Purple as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. kitchen1 wall is Orange Log while has Black Bamboo_Vine floor. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in east. bedroom1, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has Green Rock_Plate wall as well as floor is Cement_Board and White. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 38 square meters. livingroom1 has Black Quartz floor while wall is Quartz and Blue. Besides, study1 floor is Green Wood_Grain as well as wall is Cement_Board and Gray. study1 is in center with 9 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Granite and Yellow, and has Black Cement_Board floor. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in west. bedroom2 is in east with 11 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Gray Ceramics while floor is White Granite. Additionally, wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and White as well as uses Green Ceramics for floor. kitchen1 is in east with 8 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Log and Pink, and has Pink Wall_Cloth wall. balcony1 is in west with 10 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, study1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. study1, kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in west. washroom1 has Green Bamboo_Vine floor, and wall is Granite and Purple. washroom2 has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall as well as floor is Gray Stone_Brick. washroom2 is in north with 5 square meters. Additionally, wall of bedroom1 is Log and Green while has Red Stone_Brick floor. bedroom1 is in northeast with 21 square meters. bedroom2 has 13 squares in northwest. floor of bedroom2 is Coating and Pink, and has Pink Wood_Veneer wall. Besides, wall of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Wood_color as well as floor is Orange Wood_Grain. livingroom1 is in center with 73 square meters. In addition, floor of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Purple while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. kitchen1 covers 12 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, one corridor, and one balcony. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Quartz and Purple as well as has White Granite wall. washroom1 has 3 squares in center. Additionally, washroom2 floor is Pink Wall_Cloth, and has Black Wall_Cloth wall. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in center. Moreover, bedroom1 is in west with 10 square meters. bedroom1 has White Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile. In addition, bedroom2 is in southwest with 7 square meters. bedroom2 has Blue Log wall while floor is Painted_Wood and White. Besides, livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Red Marble, and floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. Moreover, corridor1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. corridor1 has Blue Rock_Plate wall while floor is Mosaic and Wood_color. Additionally, balcony1 has 4 squares in north. balcony1 uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Jade and Gray. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, corridor1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in south. washroom1 floor is Pink Granite, and wall is Blue Wallpaper. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in north. bedroom1 uses Black Wallpaper for floor while has Wood_color Mosaic wall. Besides, bedroom2 uses Pink Granite for floor as well as wall is Pink Marble. bedroom2 has 10 squares in north. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. livingroom1 has Earth_color Wallpaper wall, and has Blue Ceramics floor. floor of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Wood_color as well as wall is Log and Yellow. kitchen1 is in south with 13 square meters. kitchen1, bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 floor is Pink Cement_Board as well as has Yellow Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in north. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in center. bedroom2 has Gray Quartz wall, and floor is Blue Jade. floor of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Purple as well as wall is Ceramics and White. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. In addition, balcony1 has Pink Mosaic wall while floor is Earth_color Cement_Board. balcony1 has 4 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is in southeast with 24 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and White, and has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor. Besides, floor of kitchen1 is Wall_Cloth and Orange while wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. kitchen1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. Specifically, washroom1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. washroom1 floor is Wood_color Marble as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Red. In addition, livingroom1 is in west with 39 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Red Wood_Veneer while uses Red Coating for floor. bedroom1 covers 20 square meters located in east. bedroom1 floor is Green Wallpaper, and wall is Stone_Brick and Yellow. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 wall is Orange Cement_Board, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Coating as well as uses Red Cement_Board for floor. livingroom1 has 33 squares in west. study1 is in east with 10 square meters. study1 has Purple Marble wall while floor is Pink Jade. bedroom1 is in southeast with 15 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Green, and wall is Orange Wall_Cloth. Additionally, bedroom2 has Yellow Cement_Board wall as well as has White Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom2 is in south with 13 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 has Red Ceramics wall, and has Red Wallpaper floor. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Rock_Plate and Wood_color as well as wall is Blue Granite. balcony1 has 5 squares in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northwest. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and White, and wall is Purple Rock_Plate. bedroom2 covers 15 square meters located in east. wall of bedroom2 is Jade and Purple while has Gray Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in west. bedroom3 floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood, and wall is Blue Ceramic_Tile. washroom1 floor is Gray Cement_Board while wall is Log and Blue. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. wall of washroom2 is Cement_Board and Yellow, and uses Green Stone_Brick for floor. washroom2 is in north with 5 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 has 7 squares in southwest. balcony1 wall is White Wallpaper while floor is Ceramics and Wood_color. balcony2 uses Pink Rock_Plate for floor as well as has Gray Wood_Veneer wall. balcony2 has 3 squares in east. Moreover, livingroom1 uses Orange Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is White Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 wall is Pink Ceramics as well as uses Earth_color Ceramic_Tile for floor. kitchen1 covers 13 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2. bedroom3, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. House has one washroom, one study, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 has Black Log wall as well as uses Orange Wallpaper for floor. washroom1 covers 11 square meters located in southeast. study1 uses Earth_color Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Green Rock_Plate. study1 has 8 squares in west. Moreover, livingroom1 has 21 squares in center. livingroom1 has Red Wallpaper wall while uses Green Pure_Color_Wood for floor. Besides, bedroom1 floor is Yellow Wood_Grain, and wall is Wallpaper and Black. bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, bedroom1, study1. bedroom1 is next to study1. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Coating and White as well as uses Black Ceramics for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple while floor is Log and Green. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in southwest. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood. livingroom1 is in center with 37 square meters. Besides, wall of kitchen1 is Coating and Black, and floor is Wood_Grain and Gray. kitchen1 is in north with 16 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in south. washroom1 has Earth_color Ceramics floor as well as wall is Wood_color Quartz. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Wood_Veneer, and uses Green Stone_Brick for floor. livingroom1 is in east with 37 square meters. In addition, closet1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. closet1 has Gray Granite floor while wall is Yellow Painted_Wood. Besides, study1 is in south with 7 square meters. wall of study1 is Marble and Earth_color as well as has Green Pure_Color_Wood floor. Additionally, bedroom1 uses Earth_color Wood_Grain for floor while wall is Red Ceramics. bedroom1 is in west with 14 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 uses Yellow Granite for floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color. balcony1 has Black Wood_Veneer wall, and has Gray Coating floor. balcony1 has 6 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, study1, closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is next to closet1, washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 floor is Red Jade as well as wall is Wallpaper and Orange. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. In addition, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in north. bedroom2 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor while has Blue Stone_Brick wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in center. floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color as well as wall is Log and Black. Moreover, balcony1 has 6 squares in south. wall of balcony1 is Ceramics and Black, and floor is Granite and Earth_color. floor of livingroom1 is Marble and Pink while wall is Blue Mosaic. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in center. In addition, wall of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Yellow as well as has Green Granite floor. kitchen1 is in north with 10 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. To be specific, washroom1 is in west with 6 square meters. washroom1 has Pink Granite floor, and wall is Orange Mosaic. livingroom1 has 60 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Painted_Wood as well as floor is Wood_color Coating. In addition, bedroom1 has 21 squares in west. bedroom1 has Green Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Painted_Wood and Black. bedroom2 is in east with 11 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Yellow Ceramics. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 uses Pink Mosaic for floor as well as has Black Painted_Wood wall. washroom1 has 6 squares in center. bedroom1 floor is Green Wallpaper while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Red. bedroom1 is in southwest with 15 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom2 uses Wood_color Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Orange. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom3 is Ceramics and Gray, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color. livingroom1 has 36 squares in east. livingroom1 uses Pink Marble for floor while has Yellow Coating wall. balcony1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Quartz and Green as well as wall is Orange Stone_Brick. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 wall is Wood_color Log as well as floor is Log and Red. bedroom1 has 18 squares in west. bedroom2 has Black Granite wall while has Yellow Granite floor. bedroom2 is in east with 14 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 has 6 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Yellow Rock_Plate as well as floor is Quartz and Pink. balcony1 has 7 squares in west. balcony1 has Orange Painted_Wood wall, and uses Wood_color Ceramic_Tile for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has 38 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Red Quartz as well as wall is White Rock_Plate. wall of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and Purple, and floor is White Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 19 squares in west. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Blue, and uses Purple Wallpaper for floor. wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Earth_color while floor is Ceramics and Purple. bedroom2 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom3 is in east with 11 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Cement_Board and Green as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Blue. Moreover, washroom1 has 5 squares in southwest. washroom1 uses White Rock_Plate for floor while wall is Gray Ceramic_Tile. In addition, washroom2 wall is Wood_color Coating as well as has Green Wood_Veneer floor. washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. balcony1 has 7 squares in west. floor of balcony1 is Log and Blue while has Red Granite wall. Besides, livingroom1 is in center with 46 square meters. livingroom1 uses Red Marble for floor as well as wall is Black Granite. kitchen1 wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Wood_Grain and White. kitchen1 covers 46 square meters located in center. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, kitchen1. kitchen1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to kitchen1. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains three washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and three balconys. More specifically, washroom1 wall is Purple Wallpaper, and has Yellow Marble floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. washroom2 floor is Yellow Log as well as has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. In addition, washroom3 has 3 squares in northwest. washroom3 has Green Marble floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Green. Besides, livingroom1 covers 66 square meters located in east. livingroom1 wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Purple Granite. Moreover, study1 has Green Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Wood_color Jade. study1 covers 12 square meters located in south. bedroom1 has Orange Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Earth_color Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 has 14 squares in southwest. bedroom2 has 12 squares in south. bedroom2 uses White Mosaic for floor while wall is Blue Painted_Wood. In addition, bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 wall is Green Wall_Cloth, and uses White Marble for floor. Besides, kitchen1 uses Black Cement_Board for floor while wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. kitchen1 has 11 squares in north. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. wall of balcony1 is Granite and Blue as well as uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor. In addition, balcony2 uses Black Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Earth_color Granite. balcony2 covers 5 square meters located in south. balcony3 is in northwest with 2 square meters. floor of balcony3 is Mosaic and White as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Green. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom3. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, balcony2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2, washroom3. washroom2 is next to washroom3, balcony3. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in center. floor of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Yellow as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Purple Jade, and has Purple Marble wall. livingroom1 has 24 squares in north. study1 wall is Green Marble as well as has Earth_color Jade floor. study1 covers 6 square meters located in center. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in south. bedroom1 has Gray Rock_Plate wall while uses Black Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom2 has Gray Wood_Veneer wall, and uses Purple Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom2 covers 7 square meters located in north. Besides, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. kitchen1 uses Red Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Blue Pure_Color_Wood. Moreover, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Red while uses Earth_color Cement_Board for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to study1, balcony1. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 floor is Yellow Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Earth_color Cement_Board. washroom1 is in west with 6 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Green Granite while floor is Blue Stone_Brick. bedroom1 is in south with 14 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom2 is Coating and Earth_color as well as uses Purple Wallpaper for floor. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Yellow while floor is Wood_Grain and Black. livingroom1 covers 43 square meters located in center. Additionally, balcony1 has Yellow Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Pink. balcony1 is in north with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Orange, and has Red Stone_Brick wall. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in southeast. Additionally, bedroom2 has Pink Mosaic wall while floor is Orange Stone_Brick. bedroom2 is in northeast with 11 square meters. bedroom3 has 10 squares in south. bedroom3 has Gray Mosaic floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Orange. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 has Purple Jade floor, and wall is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. balcony1 has Earth_color Quartz floor as well as has Wood_color Cement_Board wall. Moreover, livingroom1 is in west with 24 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Yellow while has White Jade floor. In addition, livingroom2 wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile, and has Purple Quartz floor. livingroom2 is in northwest with 12 square meters. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Blue while has Earth_color Marble floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, livingroom2, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. livingroom2 is next to kitchen1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one study, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and three balconys. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and White as well as floor is Purple Stone_Brick. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. wall of washroom2 is Coating and Gray, and floor is Wood_color Granite. study1 floor is Purple Marble as well as wall is Yellow Coating. study1 has 7 squares in east. bedroom1 is in southwest with 18 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow while wall is Gray Mosaic. bedroom2 has 13 squares in north. bedroom2 has White Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Red. Additionally, bedroom3 wall is Red Coating while floor is Cement_Board and Yellow. bedroom3 is in northwest with 12 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 has Black Ceramic_Tile wall, and has Yellow Mosaic floor. livingroom1 covers 45 square meters located in center. Additionally, balcony1 wall is Orange Granite as well as floor is Marble and Blue. balcony1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. Moreover, wall of balcony2 is Quartz and Yellow while floor is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. balcony2 has 7 squares in south. Besides, balcony3 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. balcony3 uses Orange Marble for floor, and wall is Pink Log. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, balcony2, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony2, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom3, balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. study1 is adjacent to balcony3. balcony3 and balcony1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 floor is White Wallpaper, and wall is Purple Wallpaper. bedroom1 is in southeast with 20 square meters. bedroom2 has 13 squares in center. bedroom2 uses Black Ceramics for floor as well as has Purple Cement_Board wall. wall of bedroom3 is Stone_Brick and Yellow while has Purple Wood_Grain floor. bedroom3 has 10 squares in west. washroom1 has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile floor, and has Gray Ceramics wall. washroom1 is in south with 6 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 is in northwest with 5 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Granite and Blue as well as wall is Earth_color Log. Additionally, balcony1 has 6 squares in east. balcony1 has Purple Wallpaper wall while floor is Log and White. balcony2 floor is Blue Ceramics, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. balcony2 has 2 squares in northwest. Besides, wall of livingroom1 is Ceramics and White while has Yellow Jade floor. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. kitchen1 floor is Gray Mosaic as well as has Earth_color Mosaic wall. kitchen1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. balcony2 and washroom2 are connected. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Quartz and Earth_color, and wall is Coating and Purple. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. floor of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Wood_color as well as wall is White Marble. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Pink, and has Orange Quartz wall. livingroom1 has 25 squares in center. kitchen1 has 12 squares in west. wall of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and White while floor is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 is in south with 3 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Granite and Wood_color, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and White. study1 has 6 squares in north. study1 floor is Red Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom1 floor is Blue Ceramic_Tile while wall is White Stone_Brick. bedroom1 is in west with 10 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 has Blue Mosaic wall as well as has Gray Marble floor. bedroom2 has 7 squares in west. livingroom1 has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine wall while floor is Yellow Coating. livingroom1 has 26 squares in east. Besides, floor of kitchen1 is Marble and Red, and has Red Coating wall. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in center. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has Black Rock_Plate wall, and floor is Marble and White. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Moreover, livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. livingroom1 has Blue Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. study1 uses Green Coating for floor as well as has White Pure_Color_Wood wall. study1 is in west with 11 square meters. Besides, bedroom1 has 19 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall while floor is Granite and Black. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 wall is Black Ceramics as well as has Purple Rock_Plate floor. kitchen1 has 10 squares in southwest. wall of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Blue while floor is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color. In addition, balcony1 is in east with 4 square meters. balcony1 uses Wood_color Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2, kitchen1 and study1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in west with 17 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color as well as uses Green Ceramics for floor. Moreover, bedroom2 floor is Black Stone_Brick while wall is Purple Rock_Plate. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in west. Additionally, washroom1 floor is Wood_color Coating, and has Blue Jade wall. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 is in west with 5 square meters. balcony1 floor is Pink Cement_Board as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Coating and Orange while has White Marble floor. livingroom1 is in center with 19 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 has Red Granite wall, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Gray. kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. kitchen1 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has Orange Coating floor as well as has Black Stone_Brick wall. washroom1 is in southeast with 4 square meters. livingroom1 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth floor, and has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile wall. livingroom1 has 29 squares in east. Additionally, wall of study1 is Quartz and Gray as well as has White Wall_Cloth floor. study1 has 9 squares in south. In addition, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in west. bedroom1 wall is Pink Wallpaper while floor is Mosaic and Green. bedroom2 floor is Red Wallpaper as well as has Pink Mosaic wall. bedroom2 has 9 squares in center. kitchen1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple, and uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor. Additionally, balcony1 is in east with 4 square meters. balcony1 has Green Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Green Stone_Brick. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1. balcony1, washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony1 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, three bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Black as well as has White Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom1 wall is Black Jade, and has White Wood_Grain floor. bedroom1 is in northeast with 16 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 is in northwest with 12 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Log and Red. Additionally, bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in east. wall of bedroom3 is Ceramic_Tile and Green while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. Moreover, livingroom1 is in west with 26 square meters. livingroom1 has Wood_color Log wall as well as floor is Earth_color Granite. livingroom2 has Green Rock_Plate wall, and uses Yellow Quartz for floor. livingroom2 has 17 squares in southwest. In addition, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in east. balcony1 uses Orange Quartz for floor while has Red Coating wall. livingroom2, bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in northwest. washroom1 wall is Gray Granite, and floor is Blue Wallpaper. livingroom1 has 24 squares in center. livingroom1 has Black Mosaic wall while floor is White Coating. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in east. balcony1 has Black Wood_Grain wall, and uses Pink Rock_Plate for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Wood_color as well as has Green Wood_Grain floor. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in east. bedroom2 wall is Green Jade, and floor is Orange Marble. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 is in northwest with 9 square meters. floor of bedroom3 is Coating and White as well as has Orange Marble wall. In addition, washroom1 has 3 squares in northwest. washroom1 wall is Green Wall_Cloth while floor is Earth_color Marble. Additionally, washroom2 has Pink Cement_Board floor, and has Red Mosaic wall. washroom2 has 2 squares in west. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. wall of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange while uses Orange Ceramics for floor. balcony2 has 3 squares in north. floor of balcony2 is Mosaic and Wood_color, and wall is Black Painted_Wood. livingroom1 is in center with 33 square meters. livingroom1 wall is White Painted_Wood while floor is Green Ceramics. Besides, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. floor of kitchen1 is Wall_Cloth and Red as well as wall is Cement_Board and Orange. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 is next to balcony2, washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and two kitchens. More specifically, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as uses Black Granite for floor. Additionally, wall of washroom2 is Log and Gray while uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in center. bedroom1 has 13 squares in west. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Black as well as uses Gray Mosaic for floor. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in north. bedroom2 floor is Orange Wall_Cloth, and wall is Purple Marble. Moreover, bedroom3 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 wall is Red Rock_Plate as well as floor is White Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in south. wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Orange, and floor is Wood_Veneer and White. kitchen1 has 6 squares in northeast. wall of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Orange as well as floor is Wood_color Log. kitchen2 uses Gray Granite for floor, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Red. kitchen2 has 3 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. kitchen2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, and one bedroom. In practice, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. floor of washroom1 is Granite and Earth_color, and has White Wall_Cloth wall. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in southeast. wall of washroom2 is Jade and Pink as well as floor is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 covers 19 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Jade and Purple, and floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick. closet1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. closet1 wall is Gray Stone_Brick while floor is Earth_color Wood_Grain. Additionally, bedroom1 is in west with 10 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Wood_color Rock_Plate, and floor is Orange Coating. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, closet1, washroom1, washroom2. closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 17 squares in southeast. bedroom1 wall is Red Wallpaper, and has White Stone_Brick floor. floor of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple while has Green Wallpaper wall. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 wall is Yellow Marble, and has Gray Mosaic floor. bedroom3 has 11 squares in north. washroom1 has 5 squares in east. washroom1 wall is Yellow Marble while has Black Quartz floor. washroom2 has White Mosaic floor, and has White Jade wall. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. balcony1 is in northwest with 3 square meters. balcony1 has Yellow Ceramics wall while floor is Orange Wallpaper. livingroom1 covers 45 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Wood_color Marble wall, and floor is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. kitchen1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Purple as well as has Black Cement_Board floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony1. The house plan has two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 has Black Marble wall, and floor is Red Granite. In addition, wall of washroom2 is Log and Gray while has Pink Rock_Plate floor. washroom2 is in north with 3 square meters. Besides, floor of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Green as well as wall is Black Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 is in northeast with 13 square meters. bedroom2 has 11 squares in north. bedroom2 wall is Gray Cement_Board while floor is Blue Wallpaper. floor of bedroom3 is Granite and Gray, and wall is Log and Orange. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in east. Moreover, livingroom1 is in west with 51 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Pink as well as has Pink Stone_Brick wall. kitchen1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Quartz while uses Orange Granite for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one bedroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has Purple Quartz floor, and wall is White Marble. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in south. Moreover, washroom2 wall is Purple Quartz as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Orange. washroom2 has 1 squares in south. Besides, wall of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Red, and floor is Black Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. In addition, balcony1 has Red Wood_Veneer wall as well as uses Red Rock_Plate for floor. balcony1 has 7 squares in north. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The building contains three washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 uses Pink Quartz for floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and Blue. washroom1 is in east with 3 square meters. In addition, washroom2 has 1 squares in east. wall of washroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Orange, and floor is Orange Ceramics. Besides, washroom3 has 1 squares in east. washroom3 uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and Gray. Additionally, study1 has 6 squares in south. wall of study1 is Ceramic_Tile and Black while uses Earth_color Mosaic for floor. Besides, bedroom1 has Yellow Coating wall as well as uses Black Stone_Brick for floor. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom2 has 11 squares in northeast. bedroom2 wall is Yellow Mosaic, and uses Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor. Moreover, livingroom1 has 33 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Pink Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Gray. kitchen1 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Log and Red. kitchen1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1. study1, washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2, washroom3. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in east. washroom1 floor is Black Quartz, and has Black Bamboo_Vine wall. Additionally, washroom2 uses Orange Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as has Black Quartz wall. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Black while has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in southeast. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Gray Marble, and has Pink Jade floor. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 uses Red Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as wall is Quartz and Green. bedroom3 covers 13 square meters located in north. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is White Rock_Plate while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and White. livingroom1 is in center with 51 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 wall is Green Stone_Brick, and has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor. kitchen1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 17 squares in south. floor of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Red as well as wall is Green Stone_Brick. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Marble and Yellow. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in southwest. floor of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Blue while has Wood_color Wallpaper wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. wall of balcony1 is Mosaic and Yellow as well as floor is Jade and Pink. balcony1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. balcony2 has 4 squares in east. floor of balcony2 is Rock_Plate and Green while has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall. Moreover, livingroom1 has 43 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Blue Jade, and wall is Rock_Plate and Pink. kitchen1 has 6 squares in west. kitchen1 has White Mosaic floor as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Green. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. balcony2 and balcony1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in north. washroom1 floor is Purple Wood_Veneer, and wall is Orange Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 has 31 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Wood_color. wall of study1 is Wood_Veneer and Purple as well as uses Pink Mosaic for floor. study1 covers 9 square meters located in center. floor of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red, and has Green Wood_Grain wall. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in south. Moreover, bedroom2 floor is Yellow Wallpaper while has Black Ceramics wall. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in north. Besides, kitchen1 uses Yellow Jade for floor as well as has Red Wood_Grain wall. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, balcony1 has Black Granite floor while wall is Wood_Veneer and White. balcony1 is in south with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to study1. study1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Granite and Red as well as floor is Coating and White. washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 has Gray Jade wall, and floor is Blue Granite. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 25 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Green Granite while has Pink Quartz wall. Additionally, kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Cement_Board, and uses Black Pure_Color_Wood for floor. kitchen1 covers 12 square meters located in west. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in north with 12 square meters. bedroom1 has Gray Ceramics wall as well as uses Orange Wood_Grain for floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 uses Yellow Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Green Mosaic. Additionally, balcony1 is in northwest with 5 square meters. balcony1 wall is Black Wall_Cloth while floor is Yellow Jade. livingroom1 has 19 squares in west. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Wall_Cloth as well as has Red Quartz floor. In addition, kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Wall_Cloth while uses Black Ceramic_Tile for floor. kitchen1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. bedroom1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in east. bedroom1 wall is Red Stone_Brick as well as has Pink Granite floor. Moreover, bedroom2 has 9 squares in east. bedroom2 has Orange Wallpaper wall while floor is Black Wall_Cloth. Besides, bedroom3 is in north with 9 square meters. floor of bedroom3 is Granite and Pink as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Orange. washroom1 floor is Pink Ceramic_Tile, and has Pink Log wall. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. In addition, floor of washroom2 is Painted_Wood and Orange while wall is Coating and Green. washroom2 has 5 squares in center. balcony1 uses White Quartz for floor as well as wall is Purple Log. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in north. balcony2 is in south with 4 square meters. balcony2 wall is Red Ceramic_Tile while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Orange Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and Black. Additionally, kitchen1 has Pink Marble wall, and has Yellow Stone_Brick floor. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2, balcony2. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 floor is Orange Log as well as wall is Yellow Wallpaper. washroom1 is in north with 11 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Ceramics while uses Yellow Mosaic for floor. livingroom1 has 60 squares in center. study1 has 11 squares in northwest. wall of study1 is Ceramic_Tile and Red, and floor is Earth_color Stone_Brick. bedroom1 is in northeast with 38 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Blue while has Gray Marble floor. Besides, bedroom2 has 18 squares in southeast. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Gray Bamboo_Vine. In addition, bedroom3 has 16 squares in west. bedroom3 has Blue Stone_Brick wall while has Blue Painted_Wood floor. kitchen1 has 13 squares in southwest. kitchen1 has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor as well as has Purple Marble wall. Moreover, balcony1 is in east with 9 square meters. balcony1 wall is White Wall_Cloth while floor is Wood_color Coating. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, study1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to study1. washroom1 and study1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, three livingrooms, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Pink Jade. washroom1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. washroom2 uses Pink Wallpaper for floor, and wall is White Ceramics. washroom2 has 4 squares in northwest. livingroom1 uses White Pure_Color_Wood for floor while wall is Quartz and Orange. livingroom1 has 64 squares in south. In addition, livingroom2 uses Yellow Granite for floor as well as wall is Yellow Wallpaper. livingroom2 covers 64 square meters located in north. livingroom3 covers 5 square meters located in center. livingroom3 floor is Pink Jade, and has Green Rock_Plate wall. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Blue while wall is Marble and Wood_color. kitchen1 covers 18 square meters located in center. livingroom1 is adjacent to livingroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, livingroom3, washroom2. livingroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, livingroom3, washroom2. washroom1, livingroom3 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 17 squares in east. wall of bedroom1 is Log and Gray as well as floor is Wood_Grain and Green. Moreover, bedroom2 has 11 squares in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Green while floor is Yellow Ceramics. wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray as well as has Purple Jade floor. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. In addition, wall of balcony1 is Ceramics and Gray while has Gray Wood_Grain floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in east. Besides, livingroom1 covers 17 square meters located in east. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Wall_Cloth, and floor is White Granite. In addition, livingroom2 covers 9 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink while floor is Gray Quartz. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 11 square meters located in west. floor of kitchen1 is Granite and Red, and has Orange Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1 is adjacent to livingroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2. livingroom1 is next to livingroom2, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to bedroom2, livingroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to livingroom2. livingroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Granite and Black, and floor is Orange Cement_Board. washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is White Quartz as well as floor is Ceramics and Green. bedroom1 has White Ceramics floor while wall is Green Granite. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has 4 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Pink Log, and uses Red Wallpaper for floor. Additionally, floor of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink as well as wall is Red Cement_Board. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in east. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in west. bedroom2 floor is Black Cement_Board while has Gray Mosaic wall. Besides, livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick, and wall is Coating and White. livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. In addition, kitchen1 has Red Log wall as well as floor is Blue Log. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1. The building contains two washrooms, one study, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Green as well as floor is Purple Granite. Additionally, washroom2 has Pink Rock_Plate wall, and uses Red Wood_Veneer for floor. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in east. Besides, study1 has Orange Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Quartz and Earth_color. study1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, bedroom1 floor is Green Painted_Wood while has Yellow Wood_Grain wall. bedroom1 is in southeast with 17 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Marble and Green, and has Yellow Cement_Board wall. bedroom2 is in southwest with 13 square meters. Additionally, wall of bedroom3 is Wall_Cloth and Black while floor is Wallpaper and Black. bedroom3 has 12 squares in northeast. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 45 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Granite and White. Additionally, balcony1 is in south with 10 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Wallpaper and Orange while has Gray Mosaic floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, study1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, three balconys, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in west with 14 square meters. bedroom1 has Orange Jade floor as well as has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall. In addition, bedroom2 has Green Jade floor, and wall is Ceramics and Green. bedroom2 has 13 squares in southwest. Moreover, washroom1 has Gray Log floor while wall is Quartz and Black. washroom1 has 5 squares in southeast. Additionally, balcony1 wall is Red Quartz as well as has Purple Marble floor. balcony1 is in north with 6 square meters. In addition, balcony2 is in east with 5 square meters. balcony2 floor is Earth_color Ceramics while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Blue. balcony3 is in northwest with 5 square meters. floor of balcony3 is Jade and Red as well as has Blue Rock_Plate wall. Besides, livingroom1 uses White Ceramic_Tile for floor, and has Purple Wood_Veneer wall. livingroom1 is in center with 17 square meters. livingroom2 floor is Gray Quartz as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Red. livingroom2 covers 11 square meters located in south. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. floor of kitchen1 is Log and Red while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Gray. bedroom1, livingroom2, balcony1, washroom1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, livingroom2, balcony3. livingroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. livingroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. balcony3 and balcony1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. balcony2 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, three livingrooms, one closet, one corridor, two bedrooms, one study, one balcony, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color as well as uses Green Stone_Brick for floor. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in west. washroom2 uses Black Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Purple Jade. Additionally, livingroom1 has 24 squares in center. livingroom1 has Blue Wood_Veneer floor while wall is Black Coating. livingroom2 is in northeast with 8 square meters. livingroom2 wall is Purple Jade as well as floor is Black Rock_Plate. livingroom3 is in center with 2 square meters. floor of livingroom3 is Quartz and Wood_color while wall is Stone_Brick and Red. closet1 covers 4 square meters located in west. closet1 has Purple Coating floor as well as has Green Rock_Plate wall. wall of corridor1 is Mosaic and Blue while floor is Red Cement_Board. corridor1 has 4 squares in southeast. bedroom1 uses Red Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood. bedroom1 is in southwest with 15 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 wall is Orange Quartz as well as floor is Black Coating. study1 has Pink Cement_Board wall, and has Blue Mosaic floor. study1 is in north with 10 square meters. balcony1 has Green Marble wall as well as floor is Black Ceramics. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. kitchen1 wall is Green Wood_Veneer, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Gray. kitchen1 is in east with 13 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, balcony1, corridor1, washroom2, livingroom3. balcony1, closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to study1, washroom2. livingroom2, corridor1 and kitchen1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1, livingroom3. washroom1, livingroom3 and livingroom2 are connected. closet1 is adjacent to washroom2. livingroom3 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick as well as has Yellow Granite floor. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom2 wall is Black Coating while floor is Wallpaper and Gray. livingroom1 is in center with 27 square meters. livingroom1 uses Black Wall_Cloth for floor, and wall is Yellow Wallpaper. study1 has 7 squares in northwest. study1 has Red Coating floor while has Pink Wallpaper wall. Moreover, bedroom1 has White Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Wood_color Marble. bedroom1 has 12 squares in west. Besides, bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in center. wall of bedroom2 is Marble and White while has Blue Log floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in northeast. kitchen1 uses White Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Marble and Orange. wall of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color while has Black Quartz floor. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. Additionally, balcony2 uses Earth_color Wall_Cloth for floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. balcony2 is in northeast with 4 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2 and study1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. wall of washroom1 is Mosaic and Green as well as uses Orange Coating for floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in east. washroom2 has Black Stone_Brick wall while uses White Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 uses Pink Mosaic for floor, and has Red Ceramics wall. livingroom1 is in south with 31 square meters. Moreover, wall of closet1 is Wood_Grain and Black as well as uses Red Pure_Color_Wood for floor. closet1 is in center with 2 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 floor is Blue Wood_Grain, and wall is Quartz and Purple. bedroom1 is in northwest with 13 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 is in west with 11 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Earth_color while floor is Pink Mosaic. Additionally, bedroom3 has Yellow Granite wall, and uses Orange Cement_Board for floor. bedroom3 has 9 squares in northeast. kitchen1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Purple Wood_Veneer while has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall. In addition, balcony1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Ceramics, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, closet1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, closet1. balcony1, closet1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. In practice, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 has White Bamboo_Vine wall, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Blue. livingroom1 floor is White Cement_Board as well as has Black Marble wall. livingroom1 has 36 squares in center. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 has Purple Wood_Veneer wall while uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor. wall of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Orange, and has Green Rock_Plate floor. bedroom2 is in south with 9 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer, and floor is Purple Mosaic. bedroom2 has Purple Wall_Cloth wall as well as has Pink Quartz floor. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. Moreover, washroom1 has Red Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Quartz and Yellow. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. balcony1 uses Blue Jade for floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Orange. balcony1 is in north with 5 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 38 square meters. livingroom1 has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall, and uses Orange Ceramics for floor. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Gray as well as wall is Wallpaper and Earth_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood as well as has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall. In addition, bedroom2 has 9 squares in northeast. bedroom2 uses White Wood_Grain for floor while wall is Gray Stone_Brick. Additionally, bedroom3 is in northwest with 8 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Blue Painted_Wood as well as floor is Pink Rock_Plate. wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color, and floor is Wallpaper and Black. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom2 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Cement_Board and Gray. washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. Besides, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 uses Earth_color Log for floor, and wall is Green Log. Moreover, balcony2 floor is Yellow Jade while has Gray Quartz wall. balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Ceramics, and uses Yellow Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 32 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 wall is Black Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Wood_color Quartz. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 wall is Orange Wallpaper as well as has Orange Log floor. washroom1 is in north with 3 square meters. In addition, washroom2 floor is Purple Granite while has Wood_color Log wall. washroom2 is in center with 2 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Green Quartz, and has Green Wood_Veneer wall. livingroom1 is in west with 39 square meters. Additionally, closet1 has Orange Rock_Plate floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Gray. closet1 is in east with 4 square meters. bedroom1 is in southeast with 12 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Wallpaper, and wall is Painted_Wood and Red. bedroom2 has 11 squares in south. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Pink as well as floor is Earth_color Ceramics. bedroom3 uses Yellow Rock_Plate for floor, and has Orange Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has 8 squares in northwest. kitchen1 has Gray Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Earth_color Marble. Besides, wall of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Yellow while floor is Purple Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 is in southwest with 10 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, closet1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, closet1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to closet1, washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. To be specific, washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Orange Marble, and floor is Gray Ceramics. livingroom1 has 26 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Green while floor is Stone_Brick and Yellow. In addition, floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color, and has Pink Stone_Brick wall. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom2 is Marble and Pink as well as wall is Cement_Board and Pink. bedroom2 covers 7 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in south. washroom1 floor is White Quartz, and wall is Black Wood_Veneer. In addition, washroom2 wall is Orange Wallpaper while uses Yellow Stone_Brick for floor. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has 50 squares in center. livingroom1 has Purple Wood_Veneer floor as well as has Green Marble wall. Moreover, study1 covers 8 square meters located in southeast. study1 wall is Pink Mosaic, and floor is Jade and White. wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Gray while floor is Granite and Black. bedroom1 has 22 squares in west. bedroom2 has Purple Jade wall, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in east. Additionally, bedroom3 has Purple Wood_Veneer floor while wall is Orange Marble. bedroom3 is in center with 10 square meters. kitchen1 has 12 squares in south. kitchen1 uses White Jade for floor, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. Besides, wall of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Black as well as has Black Wallpaper floor. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, study1. study1, washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, four bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 wall is Yellow Ceramics, and has Green Log floor. washroom1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 wall is Gray Ceramics while has Blue Wallpaper floor. washroom2 covers 7 square meters located in north. Besides, livingroom1 covers 52 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Black Quartz floor, and has Gray Rock_Plate wall. Additionally, closet1 wall is Red Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Jade and White. closet1 is in north with 4 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 has Purple Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Gray. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in northeast. Besides, bedroom2 is in southeast with 18 square meters. bedroom2 has Black Rock_Plate wall as well as has Green Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom3 is in east with 16 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink while floor is Pink Log. bedroom4 has 14 squares in northwest. bedroom4 has Green Cement_Board wall, and has Wood_color Cement_Board floor. Moreover, kitchen1 is in west with 9 square meters. kitchen1 has Gray Ceramics floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. balcony1 has Green Marble floor while has White Mosaic wall. balcony1 has 5 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, bedroom4, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony1, closet1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, washroom2, closet1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. bedroom3 is next to balcony1, closet1. bedroom4 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 wall is Purple Ceramics, and floor is Green Pure_Color_Wood. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in west. Additionally, livingroom1 has Yellow Log floor as well as wall is Pink Marble. livingroom1 has 45 squares in center. Moreover, study1 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. floor of study1 is Rock_Plate and Purple while wall is Blue Stone_Brick. floor of bedroom1 is Coating and Gray, and has Wood_color Mosaic wall. bedroom1 is in south with 32 square meters. bedroom2 has 32 squares in east. bedroom2 wall is Pink Wall_Cloth while has Earth_color Mosaic floor. kitchen1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. kitchen1 uses Wood_color Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Jade and Black. In addition, balcony1 floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick while wall is Green Quartz. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1, bedroom2. study1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Green as well as has Earth_color Ceramics floor. bedroom2 has Orange Coating wall, and floor is Red Granite. bedroom2 covers 15 square meters located in northwest. In addition, bedroom3 has 12 squares in southeast. bedroom3 uses Orange Wallpaper for floor while has Orange Wall_Cloth wall. Besides, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Purple Coating, and uses Purple Wood_Grain for floor. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in south. wall of washroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red as well as floor is Orange Wallpaper. Additionally, balcony1 has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall while uses White Rock_Plate for floor. balcony1 has 7 squares in east. Besides, wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Green, and uses Green Rock_Plate for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 58 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 has Yellow Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Gray Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 is in southwest with 12 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has 7 squares in east. washroom1 has Green Mosaic floor as well as wall is White Jade. livingroom1 floor is Red Jade, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Black. livingroom1 is in center with 47 square meters. Additionally, study1 wall is Green Stone_Brick while uses Blue Granite for floor. study1 has 12 squares in northeast. floor of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Wood_color, and wall is Purple Quartz. bedroom1 covers 20 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 uses Yellow Wood_Veneer for floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and Black. bedroom2 is in southwest with 14 square meters. kitchen1 has 8 squares in northwest. kitchen1 uses Orange Painted_Wood for floor, and has White Painted_Wood wall. Moreover, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 floor is White Log while has Blue Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has White Wallpaper wall as well as uses Purple Stone_Brick for floor. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in north. bedroom2 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 floor is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Purple Wall_Cloth. Moreover, washroom1 wall is White Wallpaper as well as floor is Jade and Red. washroom1 is in east with 2 square meters. In addition, balcony1 uses Blue Marble for floor, and wall is Jade and Orange. balcony1 has 4 squares in northwest. Moreover, livingroom1 uses Gray Cement_Board for floor as well as has Gray Stone_Brick wall. livingroom1 covers 11 square meters located in center. Additionally, kitchen1 uses White Cement_Board for floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and White. kitchen1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. livingroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. livingroom1 is next to bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has three washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 has 4 squares in north. washroom1 uses Orange Painted_Wood for floor, and has Orange Quartz wall. floor of washroom2 is Wallpaper and Pink while wall is Green Jade. washroom2 has 3 squares in south. In addition, washroom3 is in center with 2 square meters. wall of washroom3 is Wood_Veneer and Gray as well as has Purple Wallpaper floor. Besides, wall of livingroom1 is Log and Red, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color. livingroom1 has 42 squares in center. study1 wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood as well as floor is Purple Granite. study1 is in southeast with 10 square meters. bedroom1 is in northeast with 18 square meters. bedroom1 uses White Jade for floor, and has White Mosaic wall. In addition, bedroom2 uses Gray Mosaic for floor while wall is Earth_color Ceramics. bedroom2 has 11 squares in east. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Mosaic, and has Gray Quartz floor. balcony1 is in north with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Green Wallpaper wall while has Yellow Cement_Board floor. balcony2 has Blue Cement_Board floor as well as has Gray Cement_Board wall. balcony2 has 3 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2, washroom3. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1. study1 is next to washroom2, washroom3. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony1 is next to washroom1. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. House has one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and two kitchens. In practice, washroom1 floor is Pink Jade as well as wall is Purple Mosaic. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in north. Moreover, bedroom1 has Gray Log floor while wall is Pink Stone_Brick. bedroom1 is in east with 13 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in south. floor of bedroom2 is Quartz and Purple as well as wall is Red Wood_Veneer. Besides, bedroom3 has Black Cement_Board floor, and wall is Ceramics and Blue. bedroom3 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in west. livingroom1 floor is Pink Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Wood_color Mosaic. kitchen1 is in north with 8 square meters. kitchen1 has Purple Log floor, and has Gray Coating wall. In addition, kitchen2 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. kitchen2 has Orange Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Wallpaper and Wood_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, kitchen2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. kitchen2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. More specifically, washroom1 is in southeast with 11 square meters. washroom1 wall is White Wood_Veneer as well as uses Pink Ceramic_Tile for floor. livingroom1 has 21 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Granite and Red, and has White Pure_Color_Wood wall. Moreover, floor of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Pink while wall is Red Granite. bedroom1 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 is in west with 8 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Gray Cement_Board, and wall is Painted_Wood and Gray. livingroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, bedroom1, bedroom2. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Black as well as wall is Red Bamboo_Vine. In addition, bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Black, and floor is Wallpaper and Orange. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom3 has Orange Wallpaper floor while has Earth_color Painted_Wood wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 uses Earth_color Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Earth_color Ceramics. Additionally, balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 uses Yellow Log for floor as well as has Gray Coating wall. wall of balcony2 is Painted_Wood and Pink, and uses Pink Quartz for floor. balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Gray Quartz as well as uses Green Painted_Wood for floor. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. kitchen1 has Gray Granite wall, and has Black Granite floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 19 squares in southwest. floor of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Gray, and has Purple Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom2 has White Wood_Grain wall as well as uses Yellow Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 is in south with 11 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Stone_Brick and Gray, and floor is Red Quartz. washroom1 uses Earth_color Wood_Grain for floor while has Pink Painted_Wood wall. washroom1 is in north with 6 square meters. In addition, washroom2 wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain, and has Red Granite floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in west. Moreover, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 floor is Red Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 wall is White Wallpaper while floor is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 is in east with 43 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 is in north with 14 square meters. kitchen1 has Pink Cement_Board wall as well as has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom1 wall is Green Jade, and has White Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Cement_Board as well as has Yellow Granite floor. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom3 is Pure_Color_Wood and White while floor is Yellow Cement_Board. Moreover, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. floor of washroom1 is Marble and Wood_color, and wall is Green Coating. Besides, balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 has White Coating wall while floor is Wallpaper and Black. Additionally, balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. balcony2 has Black Mosaic wall as well as has Earth_color Rock_Plate floor. In addition, livingroom1 has Pink Wallpaper floor while wall is Ceramics and Red. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Green, and has White Rock_Plate floor. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. wall of washroom1 is Ceramics and Green as well as uses Blue Ceramic_Tile for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has 26 squares in east. livingroom1 has Orange Marble wall while has Green Wallpaper floor. Moreover, corridor1 covers 2 square meters located in center. corridor1 uses Wood_color Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood. Besides, floor of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Gray, and wall is Stone_Brick and Green. bedroom1 is in south with 11 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Granite and Blue while wall is Wallpaper and Black. bedroom2 is in north with 10 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Mosaic, and has Wood_color Painted_Wood floor. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Marble and Gray as well as floor is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1, corridor1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, corridor1. washroom1 is next to corridor1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Earth_color, and has Wood_color Wall_Cloth floor. washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. Additionally, bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom1 uses Pink Wood_Grain for floor while has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom2 floor is Purple Marble, and wall is Jade and Black. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Purple Ceramic_Tile while has Pink Wood_Grain wall. kitchen1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Blue as well as wall is Purple Granite. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Green Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Mosaic and Pink. bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 uses Orange Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Yellow Mosaic. Besides, bedroom3 has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall while has Pink Quartz floor. bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. Moreover, washroom1 wall is Blue Mosaic as well as floor is Gray Ceramics. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Orange Coating floor, and wall is Blue Rock_Plate. floor of balcony2 is Ceramic_Tile and Green as well as wall is Mosaic and Orange. balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. livingroom1 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Black Marble. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Earth_color as well as wall is Earth_color Marble. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Green Mosaic wall as well as floor is Granite and Gray. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in center. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple, and has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom2 is in northeast with 9 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 has Orange Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Wood_color Quartz. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. Besides, balcony1 has Black Log floor, and wall is Marble and Green. balcony1 has 4 squares in southwest. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Coating while has Blue Coating floor. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. In addition, kitchen1 wall is Purple Painted_Wood as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Earth_color. kitchen1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, one study, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has Orange Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Black Bamboo_Vine. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. study1 covers 9 square meters located in west. study1 has Yellow Mosaic wall while floor is Wood_color Granite. bedroom1 has 13 squares in east. bedroom1 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has Blue Granite floor. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Black Stone_Brick wall, and floor is Rock_Plate and Black. kitchen1 floor is Earth_color Log as well as has White Jade wall. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Granite and Wood_color as well as uses Green Coating for floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in center. Additionally, washroom2 has 4 squares in west. wall of washroom2 is Stone_Brick and Green while uses Blue Bamboo_Vine for floor. bedroom1 has Orange Mosaic floor as well as wall is Earth_color Log. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in east. Moreover, bedroom2 has 8 squares in northwest. bedroom2 uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color. Besides, bedroom3 floor is Wood_color Wood_Veneer while wall is Ceramics and Pink. bedroom3 is in center with 8 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 34 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color as well as floor is Yellow Ceramics. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in west. wall of kitchen1 is Jade and Red, and floor is Wallpaper and Yellow. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 22 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 has Earth_color Cement_Board floor, and wall is Wallpaper and Pink. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Pink Quartz as well as wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 is in southeast with 16 square meters. floor of bedroom3 is Ceramic_Tile and Black, and wall is Orange Bamboo_Vine. bedroom3 has 13 squares in northwest. Besides, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Black Log floor as well as has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall. Moreover, washroom2 has Orange Cement_Board wall, and has Orange Mosaic floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. balcony1 uses Gray Granite for floor while wall is Pink Painted_Wood. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in east. In addition, livingroom1 has Orange Wood_Veneer floor as well as wall is Marble and Black. livingroom1 has 45 squares in center. Additionally, kitchen1 has 6 squares in southwest. floor of kitchen1 is Rock_Plate and Green while wall is Gray Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in center with 17 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Black, and has Blue Cement_Board floor. bedroom2 has Orange Wall_Cloth floor as well as has Orange Mosaic wall. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in north. bedroom3 is in east with 6 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Yellow Quartz, and has Purple Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in west. washroom1 uses Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor while wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. balcony1 uses Blue Stone_Brick for floor as well as has Wood_color Granite wall. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in north. In addition, livingroom1 has 29 squares in south. floor of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Black while has Green Rock_Plate wall. kitchen1 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Ceramics and Gray. kitchen1 is in southwest with 11 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, three washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and two kitchens. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Log and Orange as well as wall is Pink Marble. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, bedroom2 has Pink Cement_Board floor, and has Gray Jade wall. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in southeast. bedroom3 has 9 squares in north. floor of bedroom3 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink while wall is Wood_color Mosaic. Additionally, washroom1 has Black Log wall, and floor is Ceramics and Orange. washroom1 has 3 squares in east. In addition, washroom2 is in south with 3 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color as well as has Earth_color Cement_Board wall. washroom3 has 2 squares in center. washroom3 has Green Mosaic floor while has Green Granite wall. floor of balcony1 is Mosaic and Orange as well as wall is White Rock_Plate. balcony1 has 7 squares in northwest. Moreover, balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in south. wall of balcony2 is Log and Yellow, and floor is Rock_Plate and Earth_color. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Pink Jade for floor as well as has Orange Cement_Board wall. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in west. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange, and floor is Ceramics and White. kitchen1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. kitchen2 has 0 squares in southwest. floor of kitchen2 is Wood_Grain and Green as well as wall is Orange Wallpaper. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. kitchen1 is next to washroom2, balcony2. balcony2, washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in southwest with 14 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile as well as uses Green Wallpaper for floor. Moreover, floor of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Green while wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in west. bedroom3 is in south with 8 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Mosaic and Blue, and has Red Painted_Wood floor. washroom1 has Orange Marble wall while uses Red Stone_Brick for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. Additionally, washroom2 uses Green Coating for floor, and has Orange Jade wall. washroom2 is in center with 4 square meters. Moreover, floor of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color while has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in northeast. In addition, livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in east. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Black, and floor is Pink Ceramics. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color as well as has Pink Wood_Veneer wall. kitchen1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in east. bedroom1 floor is Pink Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Green Jade. Moreover, bedroom2 has Red Quartz wall, and uses Orange Ceramic_Tile for floor. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in west. Besides, washroom1 uses Green Wood_Grain for floor as well as wall is Earth_color Coating. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in north. Additionally, floor of balcony1 is Log and Pink, and has White Wood_Veneer wall. balcony1 is in east with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 32 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Purple Painted_Wood as well as floor is White Stone_Brick. Moreover, kitchen1 is in west with 7 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color while has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Red Ceramics floor as well as wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1 is in west with 15 square meters. bedroom2 has Black Jade wall while floor is Orange Granite. bedroom2 is in center with 12 square meters. Moreover, bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 wall is Black Cement_Board, and floor is Mosaic and Yellow. Additionally, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow while has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall. Moreover, balcony1 has Purple Cement_Board wall, and has Black Cement_Board floor. balcony1 has 5 squares in southeast. livingroom1 has Purple Rock_Plate floor while has Purple Granite wall. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in east. kitchen1 floor is Orange Ceramics as well as wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in west with 11 square meters. bedroom1 has Black Wood_Veneer wall, and uses Red Painted_Wood for floor. washroom1 wall is Purple Marble while floor is Rock_Plate and Pink. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Coating and Gray, and wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 has 5 squares in west. Moreover, livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Ceramics while has Black Jade wall. livingroom1 covers 22 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in east. kitchen1 wall is Gray Painted_Wood, and has Blue Ceramics floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 wall is Blue Granite as well as has Blue Mosaic floor. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Coating while wall is Black Wall_Cloth. bedroom2 is in west with 10 square meters. In addition, washroom1 has 3 squares in east. washroom1 has Green Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Wallpaper and White. Besides, balcony1 has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Wood_Grain and Gray. balcony1 has 6 squares in west. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Log and White, and wall is Orange Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color while wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two bedrooms, three washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 uses Pink Log for floor as well as wall is Log and Earth_color. bedroom1 has 17 squares in north. floor of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Wood_color while wall is Purple Wall_Cloth. bedroom2 covers 15 square meters located in west. Moreover, washroom1 floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood, and has Purple Log wall. washroom1 has 6 squares in west. washroom2 has 4 squares in east. floor of washroom2 is Mosaic and Gray while wall is Green Wall_Cloth. Besides, washroom3 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. washroom3 has Purple Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Marble and White. balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Wood_color as well as has Pink Marble floor. balcony2 has White Mosaic wall while has Orange Pure_Color_Wood floor. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is in center with 33 square meters. livingroom1 has White Quartz wall as well as uses Orange Bamboo_Vine for floor. wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and White while has Red Cement_Board floor. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1 is next to washroom2, washroom3, balcony2. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. washroom3 is adjacent to balcony2. The building contains two washrooms, three bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in southwest with 8 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Red as well as wall is Pink Coating. In addition, washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom2 uses Purple Ceramics for floor, and wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom1 has Wood_color Cement_Board wall as well as uses Orange Quartz for floor. bedroom1 has 13 squares in northeast. Moreover, bedroom2 has 12 squares in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Coating and Blue while floor is Blue Wall_Cloth. In addition, bedroom3 wall is Earth_color Coating as well as has Orange Log floor. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. Moreover, livingroom1 has Purple Painted_Wood floor while wall is Yellow Coating. livingroom1 has 27 squares in center. wall of livingroom2 is Jade and Earth_color as well as has Pink Coating floor. livingroom2 is in north with 16 square meters. balcony1 is in north with 6 square meters. balcony1 wall is White Stone_Brick while uses Black Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to livingroom2, bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, washroom2. livingroom2 is next to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Red, and wall is Log and Red. bedroom2 has 9 squares in northwest. bedroom2 has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall as well as uses Gray Ceramics for floor. washroom1 wall is Yellow Rock_Plate while floor is Red Coating. washroom1 has 4 squares in northeast. Additionally, balcony1 uses Gray Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Jade and Red. balcony1 has 7 squares in south. livingroom1 uses Black Wall_Cloth for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Purple. livingroom1 covers 24 square meters located in center. wall of kitchen1 is Log and Red as well as floor is Purple Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 wall is Pink Rock_Plate as well as has Black Ceramics floor. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 has Earth_color Cement_Board floor, and wall is Jade and Black. bedroom2 has 11 squares in center. washroom1 has Gray Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Red Cement_Board. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. Additionally, balcony1 wall is Gray Wall_Cloth while uses White Ceramic_Tile for floor. balcony1 has 5 squares in northeast. livingroom1 has 24 squares in east. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange as well as wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. kitchen1 has 5 squares in center. kitchen1 has Orange Wallpaper floor while wall is Black Cement_Board. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 14 squares in west. bedroom1 uses Black Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Yellow Rock_Plate. bedroom2 is in south with 10 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and Purple while has Earth_color Marble wall. bedroom3 is in northwest with 9 square meters. floor of bedroom3 is Marble and Earth_color, and wall is Pink Marble. washroom1 has 3 squares in north. wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Yellow as well as uses Yellow Wall_Cloth for floor. In addition, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 uses Black Ceramics for floor, and has Orange Quartz wall. Moreover, balcony2 is in northeast with 4 square meters. wall of balcony2 is Marble and Wood_color while uses Black Bamboo_Vine for floor. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and White as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color. livingroom1 is in east with 34 square meters. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. kitchen1 wall is Blue Wall_Cloth, and has Purple Coating floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, balcony2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom1 has Red Cement_Board wall as well as has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom2 wall is Yellow Granite, and has White Painted_Wood floor. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. Additionally, bedroom3 has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as uses White Mosaic for floor. bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. Moreover, washroom1 has Black Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Purple Wood_Veneer. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. Besides, balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 floor is Red Marble while wall is Wallpaper and Green. balcony2 uses Orange Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Gray Granite. balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Yellow Jade wall as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Purple. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. kitchen1 has Red Stone_Brick wall, and has Yellow Wood_Grain floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 wall is Yellow Stone_Brick as well as uses Blue Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. bedroom2 floor is Gray Granite, and wall is Purple Marble. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in south. Moreover, washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. washroom1 uses Gray Jade for floor as well as has Red Log wall. balcony1 uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Granite and Earth_color. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Wood_color Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Gray Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Log and Yellow as well as wall is Gray Ceramics. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 uses Purple Log for floor, and wall is Jade and Green. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 uses Wood_color Wallpaper for floor while has Pink Stone_Brick wall. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. floor of washroom1 is Mosaic and Black, and wall is Orange Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in west. floor of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Blue while wall is Coating and Blue. livingroom1 is in center with 33 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Purple as well as floor is Coating and Red. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor, and has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Pink as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in east. bedroom2 is in east with 11 square meters. bedroom2 has Black Coating wall while has Gray Stone_Brick floor. wall of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Black, and floor is Rock_Plate and Wood_color. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in center. In addition, balcony1 is in east with 4 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Log and Yellow while uses Yellow Cement_Board for floor. Besides, balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in west. wall of balcony2 is Jade and Red, and has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor. wall of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Black as well as floor is Jade and Gray. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in center. kitchen1 is in west with 5 square meters. kitchen1 uses Gray Granite for floor while wall is White Ceramics. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Log and Yellow, and has Pink Granite floor. In addition, washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom2 has Earth_color Ceramics floor while has White Ceramics wall. Moreover, livingroom1 has 46 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink, and floor is White Wallpaper. study1 has 10 squares in north. study1 floor is Red Ceramics while wall is Red Mosaic. floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Orange as well as wall is Mosaic and White. bedroom1 is in southeast with 18 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 uses White Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is White Rock_Plate. bedroom2 is in northeast with 12 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Orange Painted_Wood as well as uses White Quartz for floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in northwest. Besides, balcony1 has 8 squares in south. balcony1 has Orange Granite wall while floor is Purple Ceramic_Tile. floor of balcony2 is Ceramics and Gray, and wall is Wood_Grain and Blue. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. study1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in northwest with 14 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Orange, and wall is Jade and Red. bedroom2 wall is Pink Painted_Wood as well as floor is Black Granite. bedroom2 has 12 squares in southwest. In addition, bedroom3 covers 7 square meters located in south. bedroom3 has Yellow Rock_Plate wall while has Black Quartz floor. washroom1 floor is Red Stone_Brick as well as wall is White Stone_Brick. washroom1 has 2 squares in west. Additionally, wall of washroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Black, and uses Yellow Coating for floor. washroom2 has 2 squares in west. Besides, balcony1 has Pink Granite floor while wall is Orange Jade. balcony1 has 7 squares in north. wall of livingroom1 is Quartz and Gray as well as uses Earth_color Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. kitchen1 wall is Gray Ceramics, and uses Wood_color Quartz for floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom3, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 has 2 squares in southeast. washroom1 wall is Green Ceramics, and has Blue Coating floor. livingroom1 is in center with 23 square meters. livingroom1 has White Ceramic_Tile wall while has Gray Ceramics floor. bedroom1 floor is Orange Quartz, and wall is Wallpaper and Wood_color. bedroom1 is in west with 16 square meters. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate as well as floor is Earth_color Granite. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Mosaic and White, and floor is Ceramics and Orange. washroom2 has 2 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Green Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and White. livingroom1 is in center with 40 square meters. closet1 covers 5 square meters located in west. closet1 floor is Yellow Rock_Plate, and wall is Orange Wood_Grain. Moreover, bedroom1 is in west with 18 square meters. bedroom1 has Orange Wood_Veneer floor while wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood. bedroom2 has Wood_color Mosaic floor as well as has Green Painted_Wood wall. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in north. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 wall is Black Marble, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Orange. kitchen1 has 9 squares in northeast. floor of kitchen1 is Jade and Gray while has Pink Rock_Plate wall. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Purple as well as uses Green Cement_Board for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2, balcony1, closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to closet1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Gray Stone_Brick wall, and has Orange Ceramics floor. Moreover, floor of washroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Pink as well as has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in southwest. Besides, livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Wood_color Quartz for floor, and wall is Coating and Gray. study1 uses Purple Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Black Mosaic. study1 has 7 squares in northwest. In addition, floor of storage1 is Ceramics and Yellow, and wall is Cement_Board and Gray. storage1 is in southwest with 4 square meters. Besides, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 has Red Rock_Plate wall as well as has Blue Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom2 has 11 squares in west. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Orange, and floor is Jade and Yellow. kitchen1 has 8 squares in southeast. kitchen1 has Red Wood_Grain floor while has Black Marble wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in north. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine as well as uses Blue Bamboo_Vine for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, balcony1, storage1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. study1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony1 and study1 are connected. storage1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 21 square meters located in east. bedroom1 has White Marble floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and White. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is Pink Wood_Grain while uses Black Wood_Grain for floor. bedroom2 is in south with 11 square meters. bedroom3 has 8 squares in north. bedroom3 has Orange Quartz wall, and floor is Green Bamboo_Vine. In addition, floor of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink as well as has Pink Log wall. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. Moreover, balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. floor of balcony1 is Ceramics and Orange, and has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall. livingroom1 has Red Ceramic_Tile floor as well as has White Ceramics wall. livingroom1 is in west with 31 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 has 8 squares in north. kitchen1 has Black Wallpaper floor, and wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, floor of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Blue, and wall is Orange Cement_Board. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in west. In addition, bedroom2 uses Green Coating for floor while wall is Stone_Brick and Yellow. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in center. washroom1 has 6 squares in northwest. washroom1 wall is Blue Painted_Wood, and floor is Black Bamboo_Vine. Moreover, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray while floor is Wood_Veneer and Orange. livingroom1 has 28 squares in east. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Blue as well as has Purple Wall_Cloth floor. Additionally, floor of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Wood_color while wall is Ceramics and Red. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. kitchen1 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 has 5 squares in northwest. wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple, and floor is Blue Ceramics. Moreover, livingroom1 has 23 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and White while floor is Wood_Grain and Orange. Besides, floor of study1 is Rock_Plate and Earth_color as well as wall is Blue Wood_Grain. study1 covers 6 square meters located in east. Moreover, corridor1 has 7 squares in north. corridor1 wall is Black Log, and uses Orange Wallpaper for floor. wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Pink while floor is Painted_Wood and Red. bedroom1 has 15 squares in west. Additionally, floor of bedroom2 is Granite and Wood_color as well as wall is Wallpaper and Blue. bedroom2 has 9 squares in southeast. Besides, kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Wallpaper, and floor is Pink Quartz. balcony1 has 5 squares in south. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Blue as well as has Pink Wood_Grain floor. In addition, balcony2 has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Green. balcony2 is in southwest with 4 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, corridor1, study1, kitchen1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to corridor1, washroom1, balcony2. study1 and bedroom2 are connected. corridor1 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. balcony2 and balcony1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 has Black Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Orange Rock_Plate. bedroom2 has 11 squares in north. bedroom2 wall is White Jade while floor is Stone_Brick and Pink. bedroom3 uses Gray Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Marble and Black. bedroom3 has 11 squares in northwest. Additionally, washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 wall is Black Log while floor is Quartz and Green. washroom2 is in west with 5 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Log and Wood_color, and floor is Pink Coating. Moreover, balcony1 is in south with 8 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Log and Pink as well as has Purple Marble floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has Earth_color Granite floor, and has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall. livingroom1 is in center with 39 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow. kitchen1 has 7 squares in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, kitchen1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in center. washroom1 has Red Cement_Board wall, and floor is Marble and Green. Additionally, washroom2 has Pink Cement_Board floor as well as wall is Black Coating. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. livingroom1 has Green Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Log and Gray. In addition, closet1 is in north with 4 square meters. floor of closet1 is Ceramics and Pink while has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall. study1 uses Gray Coating for floor, and wall is White Ceramics. study1 has 9 squares in southwest. Additionally, bedroom1 has 15 squares in north. wall of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Gray as well as floor is Mosaic and Yellow. bedroom2 uses Orange Quartz for floor while wall is Gray Ceramics. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in north. Moreover, floor of bedroom3 is Stone_Brick and Green as well as wall is Cement_Board and Yellow. bedroom3 has 10 squares in south. kitchen1 uses Green Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is White Jade. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southeast. In addition, balcony1 wall is Wood_color Marble while floor is Log and Wood_color. balcony1 is in north with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, closet1. bedroom2, balcony1, closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. bedroom3 is adjacent to study1, kitchen1. washroom1 is next to washroom2, closet1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 has Purple Granite wall as well as has White Wood_Veneer floor. livingroom1 has 33 squares in west. livingroom1 floor is Purple Pure_Color_Wood while wall is Black Cement_Board. wall of study1 is Stone_Brick and White, and floor is Purple Coating. study1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. Additionally, bedroom1 uses Green Coating for floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. bedroom1 is in southeast with 13 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 has White Granite wall while has Green Log floor. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in center. In addition, kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. kitchen1 uses White Jade for floor, and wall is White Wall_Cloth. balcony1 has 3 squares in southwest. balcony1 uses Earth_color Log for floor while has Gray Log wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Yellow Quartz, and wall is Red Mosaic. In addition, bedroom2 has White Wood_Grain floor while wall is Coating and Black. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom3 has Purple Wall_Cloth wall as well as has Black Granite floor. washroom1 has Orange Painted_Wood wall while uses Purple Cement_Board for floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. balcony1 has Orange Painted_Wood floor as well as has Black Bamboo_Vine wall. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. floor of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Blue while wall is Gray Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and White, and floor is Quartz and Yellow. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The building contains one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in north. bedroom1 wall is Green Jade as well as floor is Pink Bamboo_Vine. In addition, washroom1 has Red Stone_Brick wall, and has Green Wall_Cloth floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. Besides, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. balcony1 wall is Blue Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Wall_Cloth and Blue. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 21 square meters. livingroom1 has Green Jade wall, and uses Earth_color Log for floor. Moreover, kitchen1 wall is Blue Log as well as floor is Quartz and Black. kitchen1 is in east with 6 square meters. bedroom1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom1 has Purple Cement_Board floor as well as has Pink Wallpaper wall. bedroom2 has Red Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Stone_Brick and Black. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom3 wall is White Pure_Color_Wood while has Black Wood_Veneer floor. In addition, washroom1 wall is Wood_color Mosaic, and uses Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. Moreover, balcony1 floor is Black Ceramics as well as has Orange Jade wall. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. Additionally, balcony2 has Blue Wood_Grain wall while uses Green Ceramic_Tile for floor. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow, and wall is Green Painted_Wood. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. kitchen1 floor is White Rock_Plate as well as wall is Green Coating. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Granite and Gray as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Yellow. bedroom1 has 17 squares in northeast. Moreover, bedroom2 has 12 squares in north. bedroom2 has Earth_color Log wall, and floor is Log and Blue. Besides, bedroom3 has Gray Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and Earth_color. bedroom3 is in center with 10 square meters. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. wall of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Blue, and has Earth_color Painted_Wood floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in east. wall of washroom2 is Stone_Brick and Blue while has Yellow Ceramic_Tile floor. balcony1 wall is Blue Cement_Board, and has Earth_color Quartz floor. balcony1 covers 13 square meters located in north. balcony2 is in south with 4 square meters. balcony2 floor is Purple Ceramic_Tile as well as has Pink Ceramics wall. Moreover, livingroom1 uses Red Painted_Wood for floor while has Wood_color Quartz wall. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in west. In addition, wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Red, and has Purple Jade floor. kitchen1 is in southwest with 8 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to balcony2. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Orange, and floor is Jade and Earth_color. Additionally, bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Coating as well as uses Blue Wood_Veneer for floor. wall of bedroom3 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange, and uses Wood_color Granite for floor. bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. In addition, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Gray Wallpaper while floor is Wall_Cloth and Red. balcony1 floor is Black Wood_Grain, and wall is Red Painted_Wood. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. Besides, livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. livingroom1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall while uses Gray Jade for floor. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and White, and has Blue Jade floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 floor is Orange Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. bedroom1 is in northwest with 13 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Pink Ceramics, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. Additionally, bedroom2 uses Orange Mosaic for floor while wall is Purple Wood_Veneer. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in east. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 38 square meters. livingroom1 uses Blue Quartz for floor, and has Gray Wall_Cloth wall. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in west. balcony1 has Earth_color Marble wall while floor is White Mosaic. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, one corridor, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Black as well as has Yellow Wall_Cloth wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 has Pink Jade floor, and has Black Mosaic wall. bedroom2 has Pink Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Red Wallpaper. bedroom2 has 11 squares in northwest. Moreover, floor of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink while has Orange Jade wall. livingroom1 has 28 squares in south. Additionally, corridor1 floor is White Granite as well as wall is Log and Yellow. corridor1 has 3 squares in center. wall of kitchen1 is Granite and White while uses Purple Ceramics for floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, corridor1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, corridor1. washroom1 is adjacent to corridor1. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall as well as has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. In addition, bedroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. bedroom1 floor is Purple Ceramics while wall is Marble and Pink. Additionally, balcony1 covers 11 square meters located in south. balcony1 uses White Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Orange Ceramics. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in center with 6 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Marble and Orange, and wall is Yellow Wood_Grain. washroom2 has Gray Mosaic wall as well as uses Gray Pure_Color_Wood for floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. livingroom1 floor is Blue Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Orange Log. livingroom1 has 49 squares in south. In addition, wall of study1 is Wall_Cloth and Green as well as floor is Black Bamboo_Vine. study1 has 9 squares in center. Moreover, bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood while has Black Wallpaper wall. bedroom1 has 15 squares in northeast. bedroom2 has Gray Jade floor as well as wall is Purple Log. bedroom2 is in east with 11 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 floor is Orange Wall_Cloth while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southwest. Additionally, balcony1 has 8 squares in southeast. wall of balcony1 is Ceramics and Orange as well as floor is Green Wood_Grain. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, study1, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in northwest with 16 square meters. bedroom1 has Gray Coating wall as well as floor is Gray Quartz. Moreover, bedroom2 is in northeast with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color, and has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor. wall of bedroom3 is Wallpaper and Purple as well as uses White Cement_Board for floor. bedroom3 is in southeast with 12 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray while has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. washroom2 has Gray Wood_Veneer wall, and uses Green Stone_Brick for floor. Besides, balcony1 has Purple Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in west. Moreover, livingroom1 has Black Ceramic_Tile floor, and has Green Ceramic_Tile wall. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in east. kitchen1 floor is White Log as well as wall is Yellow Quartz. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The building contains one washroom, and two livingrooms. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Green. washroom1 is in southwest with 25 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 has White Wood_Veneer wall while floor is Earth_color Jade. livingroom1 has 51 squares in east. livingroom2 has Green Rock_Plate floor as well as has Green Granite wall. livingroom2 is in northwest with 25 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to livingroom2, washroom1. washroom1 and livingroom2 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and three balconys. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Gray Wood_Grain wall as well as has Red Stone_Brick floor. livingroom1 floor is Black Bamboo_Vine while has Black Wood_Veneer wall. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in west. storage1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. storage1 wall is Orange Ceramics, and uses Pink Quartz for floor. Moreover, bedroom1 uses White Wall_Cloth for floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color. bedroom1 has 11 squares in east. In addition, bedroom2 is in center with 10 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Purple Ceramics, and has Gray Ceramics wall. kitchen1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color while has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. Additionally, balcony1 wall is Earth_color Quartz, and uses Pink Bamboo_Vine for floor. balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. In addition, balcony2 has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall while floor is Wood_color Quartz. balcony2 is in northeast with 3 square meters. wall of balcony3 is Wallpaper and Earth_color as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Pink. balcony3 is in north with 3 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, storage1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, storage1. washroom1, balcony2 and storage1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony3. washroom1 is next to balcony3. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has 5 squares in northwest. washroom1 has Gray Jade wall, and floor is Black Marble. Additionally, bedroom1 has Yellow Marble wall while uses Red Quartz for floor. bedroom1 is in south with 11 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Black Wallpaper, and floor is Log and Yellow. livingroom1 has 27 squares in center. kitchen1 floor is Purple Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 uses Earth_color Marble for floor as well as wall is Marble and Wood_color. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. wall of livingroom1 is Jade and Purple while floor is Rock_Plate and Green. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in north. In addition, closet1 wall is Gray Stone_Brick as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Blue. closet1 covers 7 square meters located in south. study1 covers 14 square meters located in southeast. wall of study1 is Wallpaper and Wood_color while has Yellow Granite floor. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in west. floor of bedroom1 is Coating and Gray as well as has Yellow Marble wall. bedroom2 is in southwest with 17 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Gray while floor is Coating and White. bedroom3 is in east with 11 square meters. bedroom3 has Earth_color Cement_Board floor as well as has Blue Cement_Board wall. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 has Yellow Bamboo_Vine wall, and floor is Quartz and White. balcony1 has Gray Coating floor as well as has Pink Coating wall. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, bedroom3, closet1, washroom1, balcony1, kitchen1. bedroom2, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to closet1. bedroom3, closet1 and study1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. kitchen1 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 8 squares in southeast. wall of washroom1 is Granite and White, and uses Blue Mosaic for floor. floor of washroom2 is Jade and Black as well as wall is Purple Marble. washroom2 is in north with 5 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall, and uses Wood_color Granite for floor. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, bedroom2 has 12 squares in east. bedroom2 wall is Black Wood_Veneer while has White Wood_Veneer floor. wall of bedroom3 is Quartz and Red, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Blue. bedroom3 has 11 squares in northeast. Moreover, livingroom1 has 46 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Red while floor is Marble and Gray. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange, and has White Ceramic_Tile wall. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, balcony1, washroom2. washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3. washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Wallpaper as well as has Wood_color Marble wall. bedroom1 has 15 squares in east. bedroom2 has Pink Marble floor while wall is Cement_Board and Orange. bedroom2 is in south with 12 square meters. bedroom3 has 10 squares in northeast. bedroom3 has White Painted_Wood wall, and has Black Wood_Grain floor. In addition, washroom1 has Blue Mosaic wall as well as floor is Earth_color Marble. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom2 wall is Purple Painted_Wood while has Black Granite floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in east. Additionally, balcony1 wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile as well as has Black Coating floor. balcony1 has 7 squares in southwest. wall of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Pink, and floor is Orange Granite. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in west. Moreover, kitchen1 has 9 squares in northwest. kitchen1 wall is Green Wallpaper while uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has three washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and two balconys. Specifically, wall of washroom1 is Coating and Gray as well as floor is Wood_color Wallpaper. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom2 has Black Wood_Veneer floor, and has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom3 is in center with 2 square meters. washroom3 has Blue Wallpaper floor as well as wall is Red Wallpaper. Moreover, wall of study1 is Coating and Orange, and has Blue Stone_Brick floor. study1 has 13 squares in southeast. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Blue as well as floor is Yellow Wall_Cloth. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 wall is Green Wallpaper, and floor is Orange Quartz. bedroom2 has 12 squares in northwest. livingroom1 has Green Wall_Cloth wall while has Gray Quartz floor. livingroom1 covers 46 square meters located in center. balcony1 floor is Gray Mosaic as well as wall is Orange Painted_Wood. balcony1 has 7 squares in south. Besides, wall of balcony2 is Mosaic and Green, and has Red Cement_Board floor. balcony2 is in southeast with 4 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. study1 is adjacent to balcony1, balcony2. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. balcony1 is adjacent to balcony2. washroom2 is next to washroom3. The house plan has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 11 squares in east. bedroom1 has Black Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Green Marble. Moreover, washroom1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. washroom1 uses Blue Mosaic for floor, and has Blue Coating wall. Additionally, balcony1 has 2 squares in north. balcony1 has Pink Coating wall as well as uses Orange Marble for floor. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Yellow Rock_Plate, and has Gray Wallpaper wall. livingroom1 is in center with 22 square meters. kitchen1 uses Orange Log for floor as well as has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. kitchen1 has 7 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 wall is Pink Rock_Plate as well as floor is Orange Stone_Brick. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. livingroom1 covers 46 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Wood_color Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Yellow Ceramics. closet1 is in center with 5 square meters. closet1 has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall while uses Blue Cement_Board for floor. Additionally, bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. bedroom1 has Green Log wall, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Purple. bedroom2 has Yellow Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Coating and Yellow. bedroom2 is in northeast with 13 square meters. In addition, bedroom3 is in northwest with 12 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Log and Earth_color, and uses Purple Coating for floor. Besides, kitchen1 has 7 squares in west. kitchen1 has Orange Cement_Board floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. Moreover, balcony1 has White Wallpaper wall while has Green Marble floor. balcony1 has 13 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, closet1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, closet1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to closet1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 wall is Pink Wood_Veneer as well as has Green Jade floor. washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 37 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color, and wall is Log and Orange. Additionally, bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Green while has Green Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 wall is Green Log as well as floor is Wood_color Wall_Cloth. washroom1 has 5 squares in east. bedroom1 wall is Pink Log while floor is White Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 is in west with 15 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Pink, and has White Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in east. Additionally, bedroom3 wall is Red Quartz while uses Pink Marble for floor. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in west. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer as well as has Red Wall_Cloth floor. livingroom1 has 28 squares in center. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 floor is Purple Quartz while has Earth_color Marble wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in northeast with 10 square meters. bedroom1 wall is White Painted_Wood, and floor is Marble and Pink. Additionally, bedroom2 has 10 squares in southeast. wall of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Yellow as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and White. In addition, washroom1 uses Gray Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Granite and Pink. washroom1 is in east with 3 square meters. Besides, balcony1 floor is Pink Wall_Cloth as well as has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in north. livingroom1 floor is Orange Jade, and has Yellow Granite wall. livingroom1 has 20 squares in center. kitchen1 has 8 squares in northwest. wall of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Red while floor is Orange Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 14 squares in northeast. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Green, and has Gray Painted_Wood wall. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in north. bedroom2 has Gray Ceramics floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Red. wall of bedroom3 is Marble and Red, and has Orange Marble floor. bedroom3 is in south with 8 square meters. Additionally, washroom1 uses Red Log for floor while has Green Ceramics wall. washroom1 has 5 squares in south. In addition, washroom2 uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor, and has Wood_color Granite wall. washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. balcony1 has Pink Stone_Brick floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and White. balcony1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Gray as well as floor is White Wallpaper. livingroom1 has 26 squares in west. kitchen1 has 6 squares in south. kitchen1 wall is Black Painted_Wood, and has Earth_color Wood_Veneer floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 covers 8 square meters located in north. washroom1 floor is Green Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Marble and Green. In addition, washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in south. washroom2 floor is Blue Wallpaper as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Pink. Moreover, livingroom1 has 45 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Stone_Brick while floor is Mosaic and Green. Besides, study1 has Green Log floor as well as wall is White Jade. study1 covers 16 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, wall of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Red, and has Pink Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom1 has 17 squares in southwest. bedroom2 floor is Yellow Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Blue Wallpaper. bedroom2 is in southeast with 14 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Coating and Earth_color, and wall is Log and Pink. kitchen1 has 7 squares in southeast. balcony1 wall is Yellow Granite as well as uses Pink Quartz for floor. balcony1 has 4 squares in west. balcony2 is in southeast with 2 square meters. balcony2 has Black Jade wall while floor is Coating and Red. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, washroom2, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom2. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom2, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one corridor, two bedrooms, one study, one balcony, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has Pink Marble wall, and floor is Coating and Gray. washroom1 is in west with 6 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 covers 6 square meters located in north. washroom2 has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has Black Cement_Board floor. In addition, livingroom1 covers 66 square meters located in south. livingroom1 floor is White Jade, and has Yellow Coating wall. closet1 floor is White Mosaic while wall is Orange Ceramics. closet1 is in northwest with 17 square meters. Additionally, corridor1 has Earth_color Marble wall, and floor is Marble and Purple. corridor1 covers 5 square meters located in south. bedroom1 floor is Black Wallpaper while wall is Wall_Cloth and Green. bedroom1 is in north with 30 square meters. bedroom2 is in center with 24 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Green Marble as well as wall is Orange Coating. study1 uses Green Ceramics for floor while wall is Wood_color Granite. study1 covers 15 square meters located in northwest. In addition, balcony1 uses Orange Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Purple Wallpaper. balcony1 has 17 squares in east. kitchen1 is in west with 32 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Purple Wallpaper while has Yellow Log floor. kitchen1, bedroom1, bedroom2, closet1, balcony1, study1, washroom1, washroom2, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to closet1, washroom1. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom2. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. closet1 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. study1 is next to washroom2. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 9 squares in west. bedroom1 has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has Orange Bamboo_Vine floor. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Log while has Gray Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom2 is in west with 9 square meters. washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Earth_color Wallpaper as well as floor is Green Mosaic. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Granite and Orange while wall is Quartz and Gray. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in east. livingroom1 floor is Pink Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Gray Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. livingroom2 is in east with 16 square meters. floor of livingroom2 is Log and Wood_color, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Black. Moreover, kitchen1 has Gray Quartz wall as well as floor is Orange Cement_Board. kitchen1 has 5 squares in center. livingroom2, bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. livingroom2 is next to kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Orange Stone_Brick floor, and has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom1 is in north with 40 square meters. bedroom2 is in northwest with 11 square meters. bedroom2 has Gray Log wall while floor is Gray Stone_Brick. In addition, wall of bedroom3 is Quartz and Yellow, and has Orange Cement_Board floor. bedroom3 is in southwest with 8 square meters. Additionally, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Green as well as uses Earth_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. In addition, balcony1 has 7 squares in east. balcony1 uses Pink Ceramic_Tile for floor, and has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Purple Rock_Plate as well as has Blue Stone_Brick floor. livingroom1 has 40 squares in center. Additionally, kitchen1 wall is Blue Stone_Brick, and floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood. kitchen1 has 8 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to bedroom3. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Black Granite, and uses Black Cement_Board for floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in east. wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Yellow as well as has Earth_color Mosaic floor. bedroom1 has 14 squares in south. Moreover, bedroom2 has Green Wood_Grain floor, and has Yellow Coating wall. bedroom2 is in center with 9 square meters. livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in east. livingroom1 has Purple Ceramics floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Red. kitchen1 has 7 squares in northwest. floor of kitchen1 is Jade and Yellow while wall is Mosaic and Gray. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. House has two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 floor is Blue Ceramics, and has Orange Stone_Brick wall. washroom1 has 7 squares in center. In addition, washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. floor of washroom2 is Painted_Wood and Earth_color while has Gray Granite wall. Besides, bedroom1 uses Wood_color Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Red Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 is in southeast with 20 square meters. bedroom2 is in south with 18 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Green, and floor is Marble and Red. In addition, bedroom3 covers 17 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 floor is White Cement_Board while has Black Wall_Cloth wall. Besides, wall of livingroom1 is Coating and Earth_color as well as floor is Cement_Board and Wood_color. livingroom1 covers 55 square meters located in center. balcony1 floor is Purple Log while has Purple Cement_Board wall. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, washroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom2 is next to balcony1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in north. bedroom1 wall is Blue Quartz as well as floor is Pink Wall_Cloth. bedroom2 uses Red Wall_Cloth for floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. bedroom2 is in north with 10 square meters. washroom1 has Purple Quartz floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. washroom1 has 5 squares in east. Moreover, balcony1 floor is Blue Wood_Grain while has Wood_color Cement_Board wall. balcony1 has 7 squares in west. Additionally, livingroom1 has Red Coating wall, and floor is Purple Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is in center with 30 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 wall is Orange Rock_Plate as well as has Wood_color Cement_Board floor. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine wall as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. Additionally, washroom2 has 5 squares in north. washroom2 uses Earth_color Bamboo_Vine for floor while wall is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Log, and floor is Green Cement_Board. livingroom1 has 43 squares in center. closet1 has 4 squares in northeast. wall of closet1 is Stone_Brick and Pink while floor is Pink Painted_Wood. In addition, study1 covers 9 square meters located in west. study1 has Orange Quartz wall, and floor is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile. Besides, bedroom1 has 16 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has Purple Granite wall while has Yellow Quartz floor. In addition, wall of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color as well as has Gray Marble floor. bedroom2 is in northwest with 10 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Marble and White while floor is Purple Wood_Grain. kitchen1 has 5 squares in southwest. balcony1 has 7 squares in east. balcony1 wall is Gray Stone_Brick, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Green. Moreover, balcony2 is in northwest with 4 square meters. wall of balcony2 is Cement_Board and Orange as well as uses White Wall_Cloth for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2, closet1. study1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. washroom2 is adjacent to closet1. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 floor is White Wood_Veneer, and wall is Orange Cement_Board. washroom1 has 2 squares in south. bedroom1 floor is Pink Log while wall is Purple Coating. bedroom1 has 13 squares in north. Moreover, bedroom2 has 7 squares in center. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Cement_Board, and wall is White Painted_Wood. Besides, livingroom1 wall is Purple Rock_Plate as well as uses Yellow Pure_Color_Wood for floor. livingroom1 has 25 squares in east. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 uses Gray Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is White Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 is in west with 3 square meters. washroom1 wall is Purple Stone_Brick as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Green. Additionally, washroom2 has 2 squares in north. washroom2 has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile wall, and floor is Cement_Board and Green. bedroom1 has Green Quartz floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Gray. bedroom1 is in southeast with 11 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Blue Wallpaper. bedroom2 is in southwest with 7 square meters. Additionally, bedroom3 has 6 squares in south. bedroom3 uses Gray Log for floor while wall is Wallpaper and Red. livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in north. floor of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Black, and has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall. In addition, kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has Purple Ceramics wall as well as floor is Earth_color Marble. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, one closet, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has 6 squares in northeast. wall of washroom1 is Wallpaper and Pink as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Gray. Moreover, bedroom1 wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer, and floor is Pink Granite. bedroom1 is in northwest with 11 square meters. bedroom2 is in south with 9 square meters. bedroom2 has Black Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Jade and Blue. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in east. livingroom1 uses Purple Jade for floor, and has Green Wood_Grain wall. In addition, closet1 wall is Blue Granite while has Wood_color Mosaic floor. closet1 covers 6 square meters located in center. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Black as well as floor is White Marble. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in center. bedroom1, bedroom2, closet1, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1. closet1 and bedroom2 are connected. closet1 is adjacent to kitchen1. The building contains two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 wall is Green Quartz, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. bedroom1 is in northwest with 15 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 has Green Coating wall as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Green. bedroom2 has 14 squares in north. Additionally, washroom1 has 5 squares in southwest. washroom1 has Yellow Quartz wall while has Green Stone_Brick floor. washroom2 has Black Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and White. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in west. Besides, balcony1 wall is Purple Wood_Veneer while floor is Blue Painted_Wood. balcony1 has 6 squares in northwest. Additionally, livingroom1 has 23 squares in south. livingroom1 has Gray Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Stone_Brick and Earth_color. kitchen1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. kitchen1 has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine wall as well as floor is Blue Painted_Wood. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Coating, and uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor. bedroom1 is in north with 13 square meters. bedroom2 has 9 squares in west. bedroom2 has Green Wood_Veneer floor as well as wall is Log and Wood_color. Additionally, bedroom3 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth floor while has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom3 has 8 squares in northeast. In addition, washroom1 wall is Red Wood_Grain as well as has Orange Wood_Grain floor. washroom1 is in north with 3 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 floor is White Rock_Plate while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Blue. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in east. Moreover, balcony1 has 5 squares in southwest. balcony1 has Earth_color Cement_Board wall as well as floor is Mosaic and Orange. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in south. floor of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and White while wall is Rock_Plate and Black. kitchen1 uses Pink Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Black Cement_Board. kitchen1 is in east with 7 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. To be specific, washroom1 has 11 squares in southeast. washroom1 uses Pink Quartz for floor, and wall is Blue Ceramic_Tile. Additionally, floor of livingroom1 is Granite and Gray as well as wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 covers 21 square meters located in center. Moreover, bedroom1 has 10 squares in northwest. bedroom1 has Green Wall_Cloth wall, and has Gray Log floor. bedroom2 is in west with 8 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Purple while wall is Purple Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, bedroom1, bedroom2. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in northwest with 15 square meters. bedroom1 has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall, and floor is Green Mosaic. In addition, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 has Blue Rock_Plate floor as well as wall is Orange Ceramic_Tile. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 uses Red Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Purple Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 is in west with 6 square meters. balcony1 has White Jade wall while floor is Yellow Rock_Plate. Additionally, livingroom1 has Wood_color Marble wall, and has Red Marble floor. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. livingroom2 wall is Red Pure_Color_Wood while has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine floor. livingroom2 is in east with 5 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Black Mosaic. kitchen1 has 7 squares in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, livingroom2. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, livingroom2. kitchen1 is next to livingroom2. House has one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in center. washroom1 has White Ceramic_Tile wall as well as uses Red Painted_Wood for floor. balcony1 wall is Black Bamboo_Vine while uses Gray Log for floor. balcony1 is in west with 8 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Coating and Green. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange while has Black Quartz floor. kitchen1 is in east with 5 square meters. balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 is in center with 8 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Purple, and wall is Blue Jade. washroom2 covers 7 square meters located in west. washroom2 has Yellow Log floor while wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood. Additionally, livingroom1 is in east with 41 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Purple Jade, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Red. closet1 has Gray Wood_Grain wall while uses White Log for floor. closet1 covers 15 square meters located in south. bedroom1 is in southwest with 21 square meters. bedroom1 has White Log wall, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. floor of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow while has Black Stone_Brick wall. bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in west. kitchen1 has 11 squares in northeast. kitchen1 uses Orange Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Pink Cement_Board. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Jade and Wood_color, and has Orange Granite wall. balcony1 has 7 squares in southeast. Besides, balcony2 has Red Coating wall as well as floor is Earth_color Coating. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, closet1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, closet1, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. balcony2 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, and one bedroom. In practice, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Black Mosaic, and has Yellow Marble floor. livingroom1 is in center with 27 square meters. livingroom1 has Black Cement_Board wall as well as floor is Jade and Purple. closet1 floor is White Cement_Board while wall is Mosaic and Orange. closet1 covers 3 square meters located in south. Additionally, bedroom1 has Red Bamboo_Vine wall, and floor is Gray Cement_Board. bedroom1 has 11 squares in south. bedroom1, washroom1, closet1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to closet1. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Purple Wall_Cloth, and floor is Red Jade. bedroom1 is in west with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color while floor is Mosaic and Gray. In addition, bedroom2 floor is Blue Jade, and has Yellow Quartz wall. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in east. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 19 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Earth_color as well as has White Stone_Brick wall. Moreover, kitchen1 uses Yellow Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 has 5 squares in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Marble and Red as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. Additionally, bedroom1 has 12 squares in southwest. bedroom1 uses Green Coating for floor while wall is Red Coating. bedroom2 uses Gray Marble for floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Yellow. bedroom2 is in southeast with 8 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Yellow while has Red Bamboo_Vine wall. livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 4 squares in east. kitchen1 wall is White Granite as well as floor is Quartz and Green. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and two kitchens. More specifically, bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Red, and has Orange Rock_Plate wall. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in center. bedroom2 uses Black Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood. washroom1 is in northwest with 4 square meters. washroom1 floor is Pink Cement_Board while wall is Black Ceramic_Tile. washroom2 is in northwest with 0 square meters. washroom2 has Black Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Purple. In addition, balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 wall is Red Jade, and floor is Green Marble. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in west. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Granite while floor is Quartz and Black. kitchen1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Wood_color Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Wallpaper and Earth_color. kitchen2 has 0 squares in north. kitchen2 wall is Orange Marble as well as floor is Granite and Yellow. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, kitchen2, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to kitchen2. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The building contains one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. washroom1 floor is White Quartz, and wall is Yellow Log. Additionally, floor of study1 is Bamboo_Vine and Blue as well as wall is Mosaic and Purple. study1 is in southwest with 10 square meters. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Log while has Purple Wall_Cloth floor. Besides, bedroom2 has 14 squares in west. bedroom2 floor is Gray Wood_Grain as well as wall is Mosaic and Red. wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Blue while uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor. livingroom1 has 39 squares in east. Additionally, kitchen1 uses Blue Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Earth_color Granite. kitchen1 has 6 squares in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. study1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in northwest with 20 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Pink Granite, and floor is Green Pure_Color_Wood. In addition, bedroom2 has Black Ceramic_Tile wall while has Purple Rock_Plate floor. bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in northeast. wall of washroom1 is Mosaic and White as well as floor is Orange Rock_Plate. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Besides, washroom2 floor is Yellow Painted_Wood, and wall is Marble and White. washroom2 has 5 squares in east. Moreover, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 wall is Black Wallpaper while uses Wood_color Wood_Veneer for floor. balcony2 is in east with 5 square meters. balcony2 floor is Green Wallpaper as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Green. livingroom1 is in center with 48 square meters. livingroom1 uses Red Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Yellow Quartz. Additionally, livingroom2 has Green Wallpaper wall while floor is Wood_Grain and Purple. livingroom2 is in center with 14 square meters. kitchen1 has 8 squares in southeast. kitchen1 wall is Blue Jade as well as floor is Pink Coating. bedroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, livingroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to balcony2. House has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in east. bedroom1 has Gray Granite wall as well as has Wood_color Wallpaper floor. In addition, washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. washroom1 has Green Granite floor, and has Blue Ceramics wall. Besides, balcony1 wall is Wood_color Log as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Black. balcony1 has 4 squares in southeast. Additionally, livingroom1 has 27 squares in center. livingroom1 has Purple Mosaic floor while wall is Green Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 has Black Stone_Brick wall, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. kitchen1 is in west with 9 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. The building contains one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Red, and has Orange Wood_Grain wall. Moreover, washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow while floor is Log and Pink. Besides, balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in south. balcony1 floor is Blue Mosaic, and wall is Blue Quartz. livingroom1 is in center with 23 square meters. livingroom1 has White Wood_Grain wall while floor is Orange Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 has 10 squares in west. kitchen1 has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall, and has Wood_color Painted_Wood floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has 6 squares in northwest. washroom1 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall, and uses Pink Wall_Cloth for floor. bedroom1 wall is Green Stone_Brick while uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom1 is in northeast with 16 square meters. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Pink, and uses Blue Quartz for floor. livingroom1 covers 72 square meters located in center. Additionally, wall of kitchen1 is Log and Red while uses Earth_color Cement_Board for floor. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. The house plan has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as has Red Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1 is in east with 12 square meters. washroom1 wall is Purple Stone_Brick, and floor is Black Bamboo_Vine. washroom1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 floor is Black Stone_Brick while wall is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. balcony1 has 5 squares in southeast. livingroom1 is in center with 26 square meters. livingroom1 has Pink Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Pink Wood_Veneer. kitchen1 has 9 squares in northwest. kitchen1 has Yellow Coating floor while wall is Granite and Yellow. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one study, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Blue as well as wall is Yellow Painted_Wood. Additionally, study1 covers 14 square meters located in west. wall of study1 is Painted_Wood and White, and floor is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. In addition, balcony1 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall while has Red Wallpaper floor. balcony1 has 5 squares in west. Moreover, balcony2 wall is Purple Wood_Veneer, and uses Wood_color Quartz for floor. balcony2 is in east with 4 square meters. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Log and Black as well as wall is Wallpaper and Gray. livingroom1 covers 51 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 4 squares in east. kitchen1 has Pink Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Quartz and Wood_color. livingroom1 is adjacent to study1, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony2. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 floor is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Granite and White. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. Moreover, livingroom1 has 32 squares in east. floor of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Black as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. Additionally, closet1 has Earth_color Marble floor, and wall is Log and Purple. closet1 is in west with 6 square meters. bedroom1 has 16 squares in southwest. wall of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and White as well as floor is Earth_color Marble. Moreover, bedroom2 has Orange Jade floor while wall is Wallpaper and Yellow. bedroom2 has 10 squares in south. In addition, bedroom3 has 8 squares in north. bedroom3 uses Yellow Coating for floor as well as has Pink Stone_Brick wall. Besides, kitchen1 has 10 squares in north. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Purple while floor is Black Wallpaper. Additionally, wall of balcony1 is Granite and Pink, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Green. balcony1 has 6 squares in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, closet1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, closet1. kitchen1 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. closet1, washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 wall is Pink Marble, and floor is Orange Mosaic. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. Additionally, study1 is in north with 9 square meters. floor of study1 is Wood_Grain and Blue while has White Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1 has 16 squares in west. bedroom1 floor is Red Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Yellow. Besides, bedroom2 wall is Purple Mosaic while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. bedroom2 has 11 squares in northwest. Moreover, livingroom1 uses White Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 covers 52 square meters located in center. Additionally, balcony1 wall is Blue Painted_Wood as well as has Earth_color Ceramics floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Blue as well as has Orange Coating wall. bedroom1 is in southwest with 18 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray while floor is Jade and Blue. bedroom2 is in west with 16 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Painted_Wood and Blue as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Orange. bedroom3 covers 15 square meters located in north. In addition, washroom1 has 7 squares in northeast. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and White, and has Black Rock_Plate floor. balcony1 has Purple Jade wall as well as uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Earth_color while has Wood_color Mosaic floor. livingroom1 is in center with 43 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 has 8 squares in north. kitchen1 has Gray Log wall as well as floor is Granite and Purple. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. floor of washroom1 is Quartz and Purple, and wall is Mosaic and Wood_color. Moreover, washroom2 is in west with 3 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink as well as floor is Orange Wall_Cloth. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is White Mosaic, and floor is Orange Wood_Grain. livingroom1 is in south with 34 square meters. Moreover, study1 uses Orange Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Blue. study1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. Besides, bedroom1 floor is Red Wood_Veneer while wall is Wall_Cloth and Black. bedroom1 is in northeast with 20 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 has Orange Jade wall as well as floor is Red Granite. bedroom2 is in northwest with 18 square meters. Besides, bedroom3 wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Green Painted_Wood. bedroom3 covers 14 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall while uses Earth_color Rock_Plate for floor. kitchen1 is in west with 10 square meters. balcony1 has 6 squares in east. balcony1 has Green Wood_Grain floor, and has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, study1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom3 is next to study1, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The building contains three washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has Red Log wall, and uses Green Wood_Grain for floor. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom2 is in west with 3 square meters. washroom2 floor is Pink Ceramic_Tile while has Red Rock_Plate wall. washroom3 is in west with 2 square meters. washroom3 wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Orange Jade. In addition, study1 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. floor of study1 is Wall_Cloth and White while wall is Pink Stone_Brick. Besides, bedroom1 floor is Red Pure_Color_Wood, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Green. bedroom1 is in north with 20 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Yellow Granite for floor while wall is Wallpaper and Black. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in center. Besides, livingroom1 uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and White. livingroom1 covers 47 square meters located in south. kitchen1 has Wood_color Ceramics floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Orange. kitchen1 is in south with 11 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, washroom2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, washroom1. study1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. washroom2 is next to washroom3. The house plan has two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 wall is Purple Cement_Board as well as floor is Black Quartz. bedroom1 has 11 squares in northwest. bedroom2 has 10 squares in north. bedroom2 floor is Purple Wallpaper while has Yellow Quartz wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine as well as uses Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor. Moreover, washroom2 has 2 squares in center. washroom2 uses Green Wall_Cloth for floor while wall is Gray Ceramic_Tile. Besides, balcony1 floor is Gray Wood_Grain as well as wall is Green Jade. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. In addition, livingroom1 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor, and has Blue Marble wall. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in south. kitchen1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Pink while floor is Wallpaper and Earth_color. bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Purple Painted_Wood wall, and has Gray Log floor. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in south. Moreover, bedroom2 is in southeast with 15 square meters. bedroom2 uses White Cement_Board for floor while wall is Red Wood_Veneer. bedroom3 has Green Wallpaper floor, and has Orange Painted_Wood wall. bedroom3 has 11 squares in north. Besides, washroom1 has 5 squares in center. washroom1 uses Orange Wood_Grain for floor as well as has Yellow Mosaic wall. balcony1 has 7 squares in southeast. balcony1 wall is Black Wall_Cloth, and uses Black Ceramic_Tile for floor. balcony2 wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate while has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor. balcony2 is in west with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 32 square meters. livingroom1 has Earth_color Cement_Board floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. Moreover, kitchen1 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as uses Purple Painted_Wood for floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 floor is Green Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in west. bedroom2 wall is Red Quartz while uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, bedroom3 has 8 squares in north. bedroom3 uses Red Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Wallpaper and Pink. wall of bedroom4 is Painted_Wood and Gray while uses Yellow Pure_Color_Wood for floor. bedroom4 covers 1 square meters located in southwest. Moreover, bedroom5 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor. bedroom5 has 0 squares in southwest. In addition, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. washroom1 uses Orange Granite for floor, and wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer. Additionally, washroom2 has Gray Jade floor as well as wall is Black Wood_Veneer. washroom2 is in north with 3 square meters. In addition, wall of balcony1 is Wallpaper and Earth_color while floor is Wood_color Ceramics. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Black Granite as well as has White Mosaic wall. livingroom1 has 33 squares in center. kitchen1 uses Purple Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Green. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, bedroom4. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to bedroom4. bedroom4 is next to bedroom5. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Gray Ceramic_Tile, and has White Jade floor. washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. bedroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Green while has Green Wall_Cloth wall. In addition, bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. bedroom2 uses Green Ceramics for floor, and wall is Log and Earth_color. Besides, floor of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Blue as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Red. livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in center. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 uses White Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Red Mosaic. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color as well as has Black Mosaic floor. bedroom2 has 10 squares in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Red while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. In addition, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Black. balcony1 has Red Wallpaper wall, and floor is Granite and Blue. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 is in center with 31 square meters. livingroom1 has Purple Wood_Grain floor while wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. kitchen1 floor is Orange Wall_Cloth as well as has Earth_color Mosaic wall. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, and two bedrooms. More specifically, washroom1 uses Wood_color Quartz for floor as well as wall is Gray Marble. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Pink Wood_Veneer while wall is Ceramics and Gray. closet1 is in southeast with 2 square meters. closet1 wall is Green Bamboo_Vine as well as floor is Gray Log. Moreover, floor of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and White while wall is Wood_Grain and Red. bedroom1 is in east with 11 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall as well as has Purple Cement_Board floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to closet1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow, and floor is Granite and Gray. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. Moreover, floor of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Green while wall is Yellow Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in west. In addition, study1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. study1 uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Mosaic and Yellow. bedroom1 is in southeast with 13 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Green Bamboo_Vine as well as floor is Red Ceramic_Tile. bedroom2 is in center with 11 square meters. bedroom2 uses Yellow Mosaic for floor, and wall is Painted_Wood and Pink. Additionally, kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Yellow Mosaic. balcony1 has Purple Bamboo_Vine wall, and uses Gray Jade for floor. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. study1 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in northwest with 3 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Pink, and has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall. In addition, bedroom1 has Black Mosaic wall while uses Blue Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom1 has 9 squares in north. floor of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Black, and has Black Wallpaper wall. livingroom1 is in center with 19 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 is in southwest with 4 square meters. kitchen1 uses Gray Log for floor as well as has Orange Wood_Grain wall. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has 4 squares in northeast. washroom1 has Blue Mosaic wall as well as floor is Blue Wood_Grain. Additionally, bedroom1 has Black Rock_Plate floor, and wall is Earth_color Jade. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Wood_color while floor is Orange Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 has 25 squares in center. Besides, floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Red, and has Black Mosaic wall. kitchen1 covers 12 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in south. bedroom1 has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall, and uses Earth_color Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom2 has Yellow Quartz floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Blue. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in west. Additionally, floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Red as well as wall is Jade and Yellow. washroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. balcony1 is in east with 6 square meters. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Quartz while uses Purple Stone_Brick for floor. balcony2 has White Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Green Painted_Wood. balcony2 is in southeast with 4 square meters. livingroom1 covers 26 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Wood_color Quartz wall while has White Coating floor. Besides, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 wall is Yellow Jade as well as has White Rock_Plate floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to balcony2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1. balcony1 is next to balcony2. The house plan has one washroom, one study, and one livingroom. More specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 uses Red Rock_Plate for floor as well as has Orange Cement_Board wall. Moreover, study1 is in north with 3 square meters. study1 wall is Purple Stone_Brick, and floor is Blue Mosaic. Besides, livingroom1 uses Orange Ceramics for floor while wall is Quartz and Blue. livingroom1 is in center with 23 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, study1. study1 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in center with 13 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Blue Log, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow. In addition, bedroom2 has Gray Wood_Veneer floor as well as wall is Orange Log. bedroom2 is in northeast with 12 square meters. Additionally, washroom1 uses Orange Mosaic for floor while has Orange Wall_Cloth wall. washroom1 has 5 squares in northwest. Besides, balcony1 floor is Earth_color Rock_Plate, and has Yellow Painted_Wood wall. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in east. floor of balcony2 is Marble and Pink as well as has Blue Wall_Cloth wall. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 27 square meters. livingroom1 has Yellow Coating floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Orange. Moreover, kitchen1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Wall_Cloth and Black, and uses Blue Log for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony2. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains three washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 has 6 squares in north. washroom1 has Earth_color Quartz floor as well as has Blue Coating wall. washroom2 has 4 squares in northeast. washroom2 uses Gray Wallpaper for floor while wall is Red Rock_Plate. washroom3 wall is Blue Rock_Plate, and has Yellow Marble floor. washroom3 covers 2 square meters located in northeast. In addition, livingroom1 uses Pink Wall_Cloth for floor while has Blue Rock_Plate wall. livingroom1 covers 46 square meters located in center. Additionally, study1 is in south with 18 square meters. study1 uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Earth_color Log. bedroom1 is in northwest with 20 square meters. bedroom1 uses Green Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Red while has Blue Coating wall. bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in center. In addition, wall of bedroom3 is Painted_Wood and Blue as well as uses Black Marble for floor. bedroom3 has 14 squares in northeast. Besides, kitchen1 wall is Green Log, and uses Earth_color Log for floor. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in east. Moreover, wall of balcony1 is Granite and Blue while floor is Earth_color Jade. balcony1 has 7 squares in west. In addition, balcony2 has Green Cement_Board floor as well as wall is Ceramics and Red. balcony2 is in east with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, balcony2, washroom1, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2, washroom2, washroom3. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, and two bedrooms. To be specific, washroom1 is in southeast with 10 square meters. washroom1 has Wood_color Rock_Plate floor as well as has Gray Cement_Board wall. livingroom1 uses Earth_color Quartz for floor, and wall is Yellow Painted_Wood. livingroom1 covers 23 square meters located in center. Moreover, closet1 has 2 squares in west. closet1 uses Black Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Jade and Wood_color. bedroom1 has 8 squares in northwest. bedroom1 uses Gray Coating for floor, and wall is Purple Marble. bedroom2 has 7 squares in west. bedroom2 wall is Pink Coating while uses Blue Stone_Brick for floor. washroom1, bedroom1, bedroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, closet1. bedroom2 is adjacent to closet1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Black Ceramics floor, and wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 is in northwest with 13 square meters. In addition, wall of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Orange while has Orange Log floor. bedroom2 has 10 squares in southwest. Moreover, wall of bedroom3 is Painted_Wood and Yellow as well as uses White Ceramic_Tile for floor. bedroom3 has 9 squares in south. washroom1 wall is Earth_color Jade, and floor is Mosaic and Black. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. In addition, washroom2 floor is Purple Painted_Wood as well as wall is Black Cement_Board. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. Moreover, balcony1 uses Gray Mosaic for floor while wall is Orange Wall_Cloth. balcony1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. In addition, floor of balcony2 is Bamboo_Vine and White as well as has Green Wall_Cloth wall. balcony2 has 4 squares in north. Additionally, livingroom1 is in east with 31 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer while floor is Orange Cement_Board. Moreover, kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. wall of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Gray as well as uses Red Stone_Brick for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2, balcony2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom2. kitchen1, balcony2 and washroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. The building contains two washrooms, three livingrooms, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Red Cement_Board, and floor is Jade and White. Moreover, washroom2 is in center with 5 square meters. washroom2 wall is Blue Cement_Board while floor is Wood_color Rock_Plate. In addition, livingroom1 has 29 squares in south. wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Yellow as well as floor is White Coating. livingroom2 has 22 squares in north. livingroom2 wall is Pink Wall_Cloth, and uses Red Wood_Veneer for floor. Moreover, livingroom3 has 0 squares in center. livingroom3 floor is White Jade while wall is Red Pure_Color_Wood. wall of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Gray as well as uses White Rock_Plate for floor. kitchen1 covers 14 square meters located in center. livingroom1 is adjacent to livingroom2, kitchen1, livingroom3. livingroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2, livingroom3. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in east. bedroom1 has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall, and has Blue Bamboo_Vine floor. Moreover, bedroom2 is in east with 9 square meters. bedroom2 has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile wall while has Blue Wallpaper floor. wall of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Gray as well as floor is Gray Wood_Veneer. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. balcony1 floor is Wood_color Log, and wall is Wood_color Wallpaper. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in east. wall of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Purple while floor is Rock_Plate and Earth_color. livingroom1 has 19 squares in west. Additionally, kitchen1 is in west with 5 square meters. kitchen1 has Green Wallpaper floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Earth_color. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in northeast with 20 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Purple Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Ceramics and Earth_color. wall of bedroom2 is Marble and Purple while floor is Mosaic and Red. bedroom2 covers 17 square meters located in northwest. In addition, bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in southeast. bedroom3 has Blue Mosaic floor, and wall is Wood_color Marble. Moreover, floor of washroom1 is Log and White while wall is Stone_Brick and Red. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. In addition, washroom2 is in east with 3 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Quartz and Wood_color, and has Earth_color Jade wall. Besides, balcony1 wall is Black Wood_Veneer while floor is Purple Wood_Veneer. balcony1 is in north with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 49 square meters. livingroom1 has Wood_color Quartz wall, and floor is Blue Cement_Board. wall of kitchen1 is Marble and Earth_color as well as floor is Blue Painted_Wood. kitchen1 has 13 squares in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. bedroom3 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink, and has Earth_color Cement_Board floor. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 uses Pink Wall_Cloth for floor while has White Cement_Board wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 uses Yellow Jade for floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Pink. balcony1 wall is Red Wood_Veneer while has White Ceramic_Tile floor. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is White Jade as well as uses Red Pure_Color_Wood for floor. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Orange Wallpaper, and has Orange Wallpaper wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 floor is Blue Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Pink Ceramics. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Red Wall_Cloth as well as has Orange Bamboo_Vine floor. closet1 wall is Gray Ceramics while uses Orange Cement_Board for floor. closet1 covers 2 square meters located in south. In addition, corridor1 has 4 squares in center. corridor1 has Orange Cement_Board wall, and floor is Green Wood_Veneer. Additionally, floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Green while wall is Yellow Wallpaper. bedroom1 is in northwest with 12 square meters. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. wall of bedroom2 is Coating and Blue, and has Wood_color Wallpaper floor. Besides, kitchen1 has Purple Cement_Board wall as well as uses White Jade for floor. kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in east. Additionally, balcony1 uses Earth_color Quartz for floor, and wall is Gray Coating. balcony1 is in north with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, balcony1, corridor1, closet1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, corridor1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, corridor1, closet1. corridor1 and washroom1 are connected. corridor1 is next to closet1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 uses Gray Coating for floor as well as has Earth_color Mosaic wall. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Orange while has Blue Quartz floor. Additionally, floor of study1 is Quartz and Pink, and has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall. study1 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom1 floor is White Wood_Grain as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in south. Moreover, floor of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue while wall is Wall_Cloth and Pink. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. floor of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and White as well as wall is Jade and White. Additionally, balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Log and White. Moreover, floor of balcony2 is Mosaic and Pink as well as wall is Granite and Pink. balcony2 is in northeast with 3 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to study1, washroom1. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and two kitchens. To be specific, floor of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Black, and has Gray Wood_Grain wall. bedroom1 has 16 squares in northwest. bedroom2 is in north with 12 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Yellow Stone_Brick as well as has Black Wallpaper floor. bedroom3 uses Pink Granite for floor, and has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom3 has 8 squares in center. wall of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink while uses Earth_color Stone_Brick for floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in center. Additionally, washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom2 wall is Blue Marble, and uses Blue Ceramics for floor. In addition, balcony1 has 8 squares in northeast. balcony1 has Pink Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Purple. Besides, livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in east. livingroom1 uses Earth_color Coating for floor, and wall is Earth_color Mosaic. Additionally, kitchen1 floor is Green Ceramic_Tile while wall is Gray Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. kitchen2 floor is Yellow Rock_Plate as well as wall is Orange Rock_Plate. kitchen2 has 5 squares in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. kitchen2, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to kitchen2. washroom1 and kitchen2 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. wall of washroom1 is Marble and Pink as well as has Purple Cement_Board floor. Additionally, bedroom1 uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Red Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom1 is in south with 15 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Coating as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Gray. livingroom1 has 19 squares in north. kitchen1 floor is Blue Granite, and has Purple Jade wall. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1. Building layout contains two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and White as well as floor is Black Log. In addition, floor of washroom2 is Wood_Grain and Earth_color, and wall is Red Marble. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in south. bedroom1 covers 24 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is White Jade. bedroom2 covers 17 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 has Earth_color Wood_Veneer floor while wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Black as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. livingroom1 has 51 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 has Red Quartz floor, and wall is Wood_color Log. kitchen1 has 12 squares in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Purple Bamboo_Vine floor, and has Pink Ceramics wall. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom2 is in south with 11 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Orange as well as has Pink Wood_Veneer wall. washroom1 wall is Red Ceramics, and has Yellow Granite floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. balcony1 has White Wood_Veneer floor as well as has Black Cement_Board wall. balcony1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 has White Painted_Wood floor while wall is Quartz and Yellow. livingroom1 is in north with 27 square meters. kitchen1 has 6 squares in west. floor of kitchen1 is Rock_Plate and Blue, and wall is Red Painted_Wood. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in south with 20 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Quartz and Wood_color as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. bedroom2 floor is Red Mosaic, and wall is Wood_color Coating. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 floor is Purple Pure_Color_Wood while wall is Rock_Plate and Black. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in north. Moreover, wall of washroom1 is Granite and Gray as well as uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in south. wall of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color while has Blue Pure_Color_Wood floor. balcony2 has Wood_color Ceramics wall as well as uses Blue Jade for floor. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in north. livingroom1 has 42 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Black, and wall is Ceramics and Black. kitchen1 wall is Pink Bamboo_Vine as well as floor is Earth_color Marble. kitchen1 has 12 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony2. House has two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow, and has White Cement_Board floor. In addition, washroom2 is in center with 5 square meters. washroom2 wall is Yellow Coating as well as uses Black Mosaic for floor. bedroom1 covers 23 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom1 is Jade and Red, and uses White Mosaic for floor. Additionally, bedroom2 has 16 squares in southwest. floor of bedroom2 is Log and Pink while wall is Pink Marble. Moreover, bedroom3 covers 14 square meters located in west. bedroom3 floor is White Jade, and wall is Quartz and Orange. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood while uses Blue Wood_Veneer for floor. livingroom1 has 57 squares in east. In addition, balcony1 has 6 squares in west. balcony1 wall is Purple Marble, and has Purple Granite floor. balcony2 has 6 squares in southwest. floor of balcony2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color as well as wall is Orange Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom3, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom2. balcony2 and balcony1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Wood_color, and has Blue Stone_Brick floor. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom2 wall is Green Rock_Plate as well as has Red Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom3 wall is Green Stone_Brick, and uses Purple Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. Moreover, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. floor of washroom1 is Mosaic and Orange while has Green Mosaic wall. balcony1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. livingroom1 uses Green Marble for floor, and wall is Quartz and Green. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Ceramics as well as floor is Log and Purple. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, one closet, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as has White Wallpaper wall. washroom1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 has Yellow Bamboo_Vine wall, and has Yellow Ceramics floor. Besides, bedroom2 uses Purple Pure_Color_Wood for floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Red. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in southwest. bedroom3 uses Pink Mosaic for floor, and has Black Granite wall. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, livingroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall while has Green Mosaic floor. livingroom1 is in center with 45 square meters. closet1 has 5 squares in north. floor of closet1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple, and wall is Wood_color Mosaic. Additionally, balcony1 floor is Blue Painted_Wood while has Red Wallpaper wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, closet1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to closet1. bedroom3 is adjacent to closet1. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. floor of washroom1 is Ceramics and Purple as well as wall is Red Ceramics. In addition, bedroom1 has Black Rock_Plate wall, and uses Green Pure_Color_Wood for floor. bedroom1 is in north with 8 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 floor is Gray Pure_Color_Wood as well as has Earth_color Log wall. livingroom1 is in south with 27 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile while has Pink Marble wall. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 21 square meters located in north. bedroom1 has Black Wood_Grain floor, and wall is White Ceramic_Tile. In addition, bedroom2 uses Pink Mosaic for floor while has Orange Marble wall. bedroom2 is in east with 13 square meters. Moreover, bedroom3 has 11 squares in northwest. bedroom3 wall is Blue Granite, and floor is Granite and White. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. washroom1 wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood as well as has Black Pure_Color_Wood floor. washroom2 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Wood_Grain and Green, and floor is Gray Jade. In addition, balcony1 has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall while has Pink Wood_Veneer floor. balcony1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. Additionally, balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in east. balcony2 has Pink Bamboo_Vine wall, and has Pink Quartz floor. livingroom1 has Blue Stone_Brick wall while has White Stone_Brick floor. livingroom1 has 38 squares in south. kitchen1 wall is Orange Log, and floor is Wood_color Quartz. kitchen1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to balcony2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 4 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Black Stone_Brick as well as uses Pink Granite for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has 33 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Red while floor is Earth_color Painted_Wood. study1 is in north with 6 square meters. study1 has Blue Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Cement_Board and Pink. bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Wood_Veneer while has Blue Marble wall. bedroom1 has 15 squares in west. bedroom2 is in east with 9 square meters. bedroom2 has Red Pure_Color_Wood floor, and has White Ceramics wall. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in east. kitchen1 has Pink Mosaic wall while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. In addition, balcony1 is in west with 5 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Log and Pink as well as has Yellow Wall_Cloth floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1, study1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Orange Ceramics floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Black. livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood as well as wall is Earth_color Log. livingroom1 has 31 squares in east. In addition, corridor1 covers 5 square meters located in north. corridor1 uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. Besides, bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in west. bedroom1 has Black Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is Black Wood_Grain. bedroom2 is in south with 9 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Wallpaper while wall is Coating and Gray. In addition, wall of kitchen1 is Coating and Blue, and floor is Rock_Plate and Red. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. Besides, balcony1 has 6 squares in southeast. wall of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red as well as floor is Mosaic and Blue. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, corridor1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, corridor1, washroom1. corridor1 and kitchen1 are connected. corridor1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains four bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Quartz and White as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and White. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in west. In addition, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in south. bedroom2 has Gray Jade wall while floor is Coating and Orange. Additionally, bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in south. bedroom3 has Blue Marble floor as well as wall is Yellow Rock_Plate. Besides, floor of bedroom4 is Wood_Grain and Gray while has Pink Quartz wall. bedroom4 has 8 squares in west. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Mosaic and Black as well as floor is Red Ceramic_Tile. In addition, washroom2 has Gray Wood_Veneer wall while floor is Blue Painted_Wood. washroom2 is in southeast with 4 square meters. balcony1 is in north with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Pink Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Wood_color Rock_Plate. Moreover, livingroom1 floor is Orange Granite as well as wall is Pink Jade. livingroom1 has 31 squares in center. kitchen1 has 7 squares in east. kitchen1 wall is Blue Log, and has Red Granite floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, bedroom4, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom4, washroom1. bedroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. bedroom4 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 2 square meters located in south. washroom1 wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 uses Gray Cement_Board for floor while wall is Red Log. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in center. Moreover, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony1 has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Granite and Wood_color. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The building contains four bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in northeast with 20 square meters. bedroom1 uses Pink Wood_Grain for floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Yellow. bedroom2 wall is Yellow Stone_Brick while floor is Gray Ceramics. bedroom2 is in northeast with 12 square meters. Moreover, bedroom3 is in north with 10 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Yellow Wallpaper, and floor is Wallpaper and Blue. bedroom4 has White Wall_Cloth wall as well as uses Orange Quartz for floor. bedroom4 covers 8 square meters located in center. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. wall of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Earth_color, and floor is Orange Marble. washroom2 floor is Red Mosaic while has Green Wallpaper wall. washroom2 has 5 squares in north. balcony1 has Purple Wood_Grain wall as well as has Orange Wood_Veneer floor. balcony1 is in southwest with 13 square meters. livingroom1 has 36 squares in center. livingroom1 has Purple Wallpaper wall, and has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in south. wall of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Purple as well as floor is Yellow Quartz. bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, bedroom3, bedroom4, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. kitchen1 and balcony1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom3 is next to bedroom4, washroom2. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. To be specific, washroom1 has 3 squares in east. washroom1 wall is Red Log as well as has Pink Ceramic_Tile floor. wall of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Gray while has Gray Wallpaper floor. livingroom1 has 39 squares in center. In addition, bedroom1 has Blue Quartz wall as well as has Orange Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom1 has 10 squares in northeast. Additionally, bedroom2 has 9 squares in southeast. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Yellow while floor is Orange Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 16 squares in south. wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Orange, and has Green Wallpaper floor. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in west. bedroom2 floor is Pink Coating as well as wall is Orange Wallpaper. Moreover, bedroom3 wall is Purple Rock_Plate while floor is White Marble. bedroom3 is in west with 8 square meters. In addition, washroom1 wall is Gray Wall_Cloth as well as uses Yellow Jade for floor. washroom1 is in center with 3 square meters. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 floor is Wood_color Wood_Veneer, and wall is Earth_color Coating. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 39 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Black as well as floor is Jade and Yellow. kitchen1 is in northeast with 8 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange, and wall is Cement_Board and Red. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. washroom1 has White Cement_Board floor, and has Red Wallpaper wall. bedroom1 has 14 squares in center. floor of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Yellow. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 33 square meters. livingroom1 has Blue Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Wood_Veneer and White. balcony1 has 6 squares in west. floor of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Green while wall is Wall_Cloth and Pink. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in east. bedroom1 has Black Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Mosaic and Green. Moreover, bedroom2 has Green Wood_Veneer wall while uses Green Log for floor. bedroom2 is in northwest with 9 square meters. washroom1 floor is Black Mosaic as well as wall is Green Granite. washroom1 has 3 squares in east. balcony1 has Pink Cement_Board wall, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. livingroom1 covers 26 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Blue Granite for floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Orange. kitchen1 has 7 squares in northeast. kitchen1 floor is Yellow Log, and has Black Wallpaper wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in east with 12 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue as well as floor is Painted_Wood and White. bedroom2 is in west with 10 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Blue while wall is Wall_Cloth and Green. In addition, floor of bedroom3 is Wood_Grain and Gray as well as wall is Yellow Wall_Cloth. bedroom3 is in north with 8 square meters. washroom1 is in center with 5 square meters. washroom1 uses Blue Ceramic_Tile for floor while has Green Quartz wall. balcony1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Earth_color Wallpaper wall as well as has Gray Mosaic floor. livingroom1 has 31 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Gray Marble while has Gray Wood_Grain floor. kitchen1 has 5 squares in west. kitchen1 wall is Red Ceramics, and has Orange Marble floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3, kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Green Log floor, and wall is Purple Painted_Wood. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 has 15 squares in southeast. bedroom2 floor is Pink Ceramics as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. In addition, bedroom3 has 13 squares in northwest. floor of bedroom3 is Wallpaper and Pink, and wall is Pink Jade. washroom1 uses Red Marble for floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. Besides, washroom2 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom2 wall is White Ceramics while floor is Earth_color Rock_Plate. In addition, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. balcony1 uses Pink Granite for floor, and has Orange Wallpaper wall. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Pink Bamboo_Vine as well as uses Earth_color Marble for floor. In addition, floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and White, and wall is Quartz and Gray. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom2. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. washroom1 has Orange Ceramic_Tile floor, and wall is Wood_color Quartz. bedroom1 uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor while wall is Granite and Earth_color. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. Moreover, bedroom2 has Blue Quartz wall, and uses Orange Granite for floor. bedroom2 is in west with 5 square meters. livingroom1 has 14 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Red Coating for floor while wall is Wood_Grain and Red. livingroom2 covers 3 square meters located in east. wall of livingroom2 is Quartz and Black as well as floor is Earth_color Granite. In addition, kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. wall of kitchen1 is Marble and Blue, and floor is Yellow Mosaic. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, livingroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and livingroom2 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 uses Black Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Granite and Red. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. Additionally, bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. bedroom1 wall is Gray Coating as well as floor is Wallpaper and Orange. bedroom2 floor is Purple Ceramics while has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom2 has 8 squares in center. livingroom1 is in center with 21 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Green Ceramics as well as uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor. Moreover, kitchen1 has Yellow Quartz floor, and has White Cement_Board wall. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one storage, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has Red Wallpaper floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and White. washroom1 has 4 squares in northeast. storage1 covers 8 square meters located in north. floor of storage1 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue as well as has Black Wallpaper wall. bedroom1 has 12 squares in west. floor of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Blue while wall is Gray Wallpaper. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in center. bedroom2 has Pink Mosaic floor, and wall is Quartz and Blue. Additionally, livingroom1 has 29 squares in east. livingroom1 has Pink Wood_Grain floor while wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick. Besides, balcony1 has Earth_color Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Granite and White. balcony1 is in west with 3 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, storage1, washroom1. bedroom2, storage1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 has 6 squares in west. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Purple as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color. washroom2 has 5 squares in center. washroom2 wall is Gray Marble while uses Black Ceramics for floor. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and White as well as has Purple Wood_Veneer floor. livingroom1 is in east with 44 square meters. Besides, closet1 covers 3 square meters located in west. closet1 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Purple Cement_Board. Moreover, floor of study1 is Wallpaper and Orange as well as wall is Blue Cement_Board. study1 is in west with 10 square meters. Additionally, bedroom1 uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor while wall is Wood_Grain and Pink. bedroom1 has 15 squares in northwest. bedroom2 has Earth_color Wallpaper floor, and wall is Ceramics and White. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in north. kitchen1 wall is Blue Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Black. kitchen1 has 10 squares in south. floor of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Blue, and has Wood_color Wallpaper wall. balcony1 has 11 squares in northeast. Besides, balcony2 has 6 squares in south. balcony2 has Red Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Wood_color Wood_Veneer. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, study1, kitchen1, washroom2, closet1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, study1, washroom1, closet1. balcony1, closet1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom2. kitchen1 is next to balcony2, washroom2. washroom2 and balcony2 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow, and has Green Granite floor. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Black as well as wall is Mosaic and White. livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. bedroom1 has Green Painted_Wood floor while wall is Purple Log. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 floor is Purple Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Orange Ceramics. washroom2 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom2 floor is Pink Wall_Cloth, and has Purple Quartz wall. In addition, livingroom1 has 50 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple while floor is Wall_Cloth and Red. Besides, study1 floor is Blue Mosaic, and wall is Wood_Veneer and White. study1 is in west with 12 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 is in northeast with 17 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Green while wall is Granite and Blue. bedroom2 is in northwest with 13 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Orange Marble, and wall is Cement_Board and Red. floor of kitchen1 is Coating and Wood_color as well as wall is Green Coating. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southwest. balcony1 is in east with 8 square meters. balcony1 has Orange Coating wall while floor is Quartz and Orange. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 uses Earth_color Marble for floor as well as has Blue Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, bedroom2 has 11 squares in northwest. bedroom2 uses Yellow Marble for floor while wall is Stone_Brick and Gray. washroom1 has White Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Blue Wood_Veneer. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. In addition, wall of balcony1 is Coating and Purple, and uses Orange Wallpaper for floor. balcony1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. livingroom1 has 26 squares in west. wall of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Yellow as well as has Red Quartz floor. kitchen1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Blue Wallpaper wall, and uses Gray Log for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in northwest. washroom1 wall is Red Wood_Grain, and uses Green Wall_Cloth for floor. Moreover, study1 wall is Blue Rock_Plate as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Black. study1 covers 4 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Earth_color while floor is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Orange, and floor is Red Wood_Grain. bedroom2 is in northeast with 9 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 has 34 squares in west. floor of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Yellow while wall is Wood_color Jade. In addition, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in center. kitchen1 wall is Green Granite, and floor is Green Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, study1. kitchen1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, study1. Building layout contains two washrooms, four bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 floor is Black Painted_Wood, and wall is White Ceramics. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. Additionally, washroom2 has Orange Wood_Veneer floor while has Purple Painted_Wood wall. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in south. In addition, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 floor is Orange Wood_Grain, and wall is Stone_Brick and Orange. bedroom2 floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood while wall is Rock_Plate and Earth_color. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in east. Additionally, bedroom3 uses Gray Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Purple Quartz. bedroom3 has 10 squares in southeast. Moreover, bedroom4 uses Wood_color Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Earth_color Mosaic. bedroom4 is in center with 9 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 has Pink Wood_Veneer floor, and has Red Ceramic_Tile wall. livingroom1 has 52 squares in north. Besides, balcony1 is in west with 5 square meters. balcony1 uses Blue Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as has Purple Jade wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, bedroom4, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom4, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2. bedroom4 is next to balcony1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall, and floor is White Coating. bedroom1 has 9 squares in southeast. Moreover, bedroom2 is in east with 8 square meters. bedroom2 has Gray Painted_Wood floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and Red. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 wall is Earth_color Coating as well as has Wood_color Wallpaper floor. balcony1 is in southwest with 4 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Mosaic and Blue, and uses Pink Wall_Cloth for floor. floor of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow while has Purple Jade wall. livingroom1 is in west with 21 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 has 3 squares in north. kitchen1 wall is Green Jade as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 uses Blue Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Red. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. Additionally, floor of livingroom1 is Marble and Wood_color while wall is Yellow Stone_Brick. livingroom1 covers 23 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in north. kitchen1 uses Yellow Ceramic_Tile for floor, and has Orange Log wall. washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in south. bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Wood_Veneer, and wall is Purple Ceramic_Tile. Additionally, bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Cement_Board and Earth_color while floor is Black Wood_Grain. bedroom3 is in center with 6 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Wood_Grain and Black as well as uses Gray Ceramic_Tile for floor. floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray while has Red Marble wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. balcony1 floor is Orange Wall_Cloth, and wall is Pink Painted_Wood. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. Besides, livingroom1 has 26 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Gray while has Earth_color Log floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. kitchen1 wall is Pink Log as well as floor is Earth_color Quartz. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 uses Purple Wood_Grain for floor as well as wall is Purple Wood_Grain. bedroom1 has 14 squares in northwest. Additionally, bedroom2 has 10 squares in northeast. bedroom2 floor is Orange Bamboo_Vine while has Pink Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom3 is in east with 9 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Gray Log as well as wall is Blue Jade. floor of washroom1 is Marble and Earth_color while wall is Log and Wood_color. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. Besides, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in west. floor of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange, and wall is White Ceramics. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 26 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Pink Granite as well as has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor. livingroom2 is in southeast with 9 square meters. floor of livingroom2 is Wallpaper and Yellow while wall is Orange Rock_Plate. kitchen1 floor is Earth_color Wood_Veneer, and wall is Ceramics and Green. kitchen1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. livingroom2 is next to bedroom3, kitchen1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one corridor, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow as well as wall is Cement_Board and Black. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in east. In addition, washroom2 is in center with 4 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Ceramics and Red, and has Yellow Cement_Board floor. livingroom1 has Red Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Pink Jade. livingroom1 has 44 squares in center. corridor1 covers 4 square meters located in west. floor of corridor1 is Stone_Brick and Yellow, and wall is Purple Mosaic. Besides, bedroom1 has 21 squares in east. bedroom1 has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall while uses Blue Marble for floor. bedroom2 uses Gray Jade for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Green. bedroom2 is in northeast with 11 square meters. Moreover, bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in north. bedroom3 wall is Black Granite while has Black Stone_Brick floor. In addition, kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 wall is Red Log as well as uses Gray Granite for floor. wall of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Purple while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. balcony1 covers 14 square meters located in south. Moreover, balcony2 is in north with 3 square meters. balcony2 uses Black Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Stone_Brick and Purple. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, washroom2, corridor1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2, balcony2. corridor1, balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to corridor1, balcony2. The house plan has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Wallpaper, and wall is Blue Wood_Grain. bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in east. washroom1 covers 2 square meters located in north. washroom1 floor is Yellow Wallpaper as well as wall is Wood_color Wallpaper. In addition, balcony1 covers 2 square meters located in south. balcony1 has Black Coating wall while floor is Rock_Plate and Purple. livingroom1 has Earth_color Quartz wall, and floor is Blue Wallpaper. livingroom1 is in west with 11 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Red Marble as well as wall is Gray Jade. kitchen1 is in northwest with 3 square meters. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 30 squares in west. bedroom1 has Purple Cement_Board wall, and floor is Black Cement_Board. In addition, bedroom2 has Green Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Purple Coating. bedroom2 is in southeast with 24 square meters. Moreover, bedroom3 floor is Wood_color Log as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. bedroom3 is in northwest with 18 square meters. washroom1 has Wood_color Quartz wall while has Earth_color Painted_Wood floor. washroom1 covers 10 square meters located in west. Additionally, washroom2 wall is Purple Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Blue. washroom2 has 8 squares in north. balcony1 is in south with 10 square meters. balcony1 wall is White Wood_Veneer while has Red Painted_Wood floor. Besides, livingroom1 is in center with 63 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Pink as well as has Gray Log floor. Additionally, kitchen1 has 10 squares in northeast. wall of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and White while uses Yellow Marble for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has 2 squares in west. washroom1 has Green Mosaic wall, and uses Wood_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. bedroom1 has Blue Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. bedroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Log and Orange, and wall is Quartz and Yellow. kitchen1 covers 3 square meters located in center. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Quartz and Black, and wall is White Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 has 10 squares in northeast. bedroom2 floor is Pink Log while wall is Wall_Cloth and White. bedroom3 has 8 squares in southeast. bedroom3 has White Rock_Plate wall, and uses Earth_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Green Rock_Plate as well as uses Purple Painted_Wood for floor. In addition, washroom2 has 2 squares in north. wall of washroom2 is Jade and Wood_color, and floor is Cement_Board and White. balcony1 covers 2 square meters located in northwest. balcony1 floor is Pink Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Black Jade. Additionally, livingroom1 has Wood_color Marble floor, and has Black Painted_Wood wall. livingroom1 covers 41 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has Orange Granite wall while floor is Marble and White. kitchen1 is in east with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 uses Yellow Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is White Cement_Board. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom2 wall is Blue Mosaic while has Wood_color Marble floor. bedroom1 covers 22 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and White, and floor is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. wall of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Black while uses Wood_color Mosaic for floor. bedroom2 is in northwest with 18 square meters. Besides, floor of bedroom3 is Jade and Orange as well as has Orange Painted_Wood wall. bedroom3 has 13 squares in southeast. livingroom1 has Red Ceramics wall, and has White Wall_Cloth floor. livingroom1 is in center with 45 square meters. kitchen1 has 8 squares in southwest. kitchen1 floor is Green Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom1 is next to washroom2. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in center. floor of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color as well as wall is Wood_Grain and White. livingroom1 has Gray Wood_Veneer wall, and has Blue Coating floor. livingroom1 is in west with 30 square meters. Moreover, closet1 uses Black Wallpaper for floor while wall is Gray Marble. closet1 covers 3 square meters located in center. bedroom1 is in east with 17 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Purple as well as uses Gray Jade for floor. bedroom2 is in east with 10 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Orange Bamboo_Vine while floor is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. In addition, kitchen1 has 7 squares in west. kitchen1 wall is Gray Coating as well as has Black Bamboo_Vine floor. Moreover, balcony1 uses Wood_color Mosaic for floor while has Wood_color Coating wall. balcony1 is in east with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, closet1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, closet1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in west with 16 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Red Jade as well as floor is Granite and Red. Moreover, bedroom2 has Purple Ceramics wall, and floor is Red Painted_Wood. bedroom2 has 10 squares in center. Besides, bedroom3 has Black Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Wood_color Granite. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. floor of washroom1 is Quartz and Yellow, and has Pink Wood_Grain wall. Moreover, wall of washroom2 is Marble and Earth_color while uses Pink Painted_Wood for floor. washroom2 has 5 squares in north. balcony1 uses Orange Jade for floor as well as wall is Purple Quartz. balcony1 covers 13 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Gray Bamboo_Vine, and has Purple Coating wall. In addition, kitchen1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine as well as uses Red Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in east. washroom1 floor is White Mosaic as well as has Purple Painted_Wood wall. washroom2 floor is Yellow Ceramics while has Blue Wall_Cloth wall. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in east. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Earth_color as well as uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor. livingroom1 covers 46 square meters located in center. Besides, study1 wall is Red Quartz while floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood. study1 has 10 squares in north. Additionally, bedroom1 has 18 squares in southeast. bedroom1 wall is White Painted_Wood as well as uses Pink Wallpaper for floor. wall of bedroom2 is Granite and White, and has Wood_color Wallpaper floor. bedroom2 has 12 squares in northeast. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor while has Pink Mosaic wall. Besides, balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in south. balcony1 uses Blue Quartz for floor, and wall is Purple Marble. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in northwest. balcony2 has Purple Jade floor while wall is Painted_Wood and White. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has 3 squares in southwest. washroom1 floor is Purple Log as well as has Wood_color Ceramics wall. floor of study1 is Quartz and Wood_color while wall is Painted_Wood and Orange. study1 has 7 squares in north. bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in west. bedroom1 wall is Gray Wood_Grain as well as has Blue Wood_Veneer floor. In addition, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in southeast. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color while uses White Quartz for floor. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and White as well as wall is Black Cement_Board. livingroom1 is in center with 21 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 has Gray Wallpaper wall while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Purple. kitchen1 is in southwest with 8 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains three washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, floor of washroom1 is Marble and Blue as well as has Purple Wallpaper wall. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom2 has 4 squares in west. washroom2 has Blue Granite floor while wall is White Ceramics. washroom3 is in center with 3 square meters. wall of washroom3 is Mosaic and Purple as well as uses Earth_color Jade for floor. In addition, livingroom1 has 43 squares in north. livingroom1 has Green Wallpaper wall while floor is Purple Marble. Besides, closet1 floor is Earth_color Stone_Brick as well as wall is Wood_color Jade. closet1 is in west with 6 square meters. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Orange, and floor is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 has 15 squares in south. wall of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Green as well as has Green Granite floor. Besides, bedroom3 covers 13 square meters located in center. bedroom3 has Black Marble floor while wall is Quartz and Orange. kitchen1 has Blue Wallpaper wall, and has Black Ceramic_Tile floor. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, balcony1 has Orange Coating wall while floor is Black Wall_Cloth. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, closet1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. closet1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. washroom3 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 floor is Gray Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Black Rock_Plate. livingroom1 wall is Gray Log while has Wood_color Wall_Cloth floor. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in east. floor of study1 is Wall_Cloth and Pink, and has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall. study1 is in west with 14 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Jade as well as wall is Quartz and Purple. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in southwest. Additionally, bedroom2 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Black Pure_Color_Wood, and wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood. kitchen1 has 10 squares in north. kitchen1 floor is Earth_color Coating while has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall. Moreover, balcony1 has 5 squares in southeast. balcony1 has Green Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Purple Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to study1, bedroom2. washroom1 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in northwest with 17 square meters. bedroom1 has Pink Wallpaper floor, and has Wood_color Jade wall. floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Red. bedroom2 is in east with 15 square meters. Additionally, wall of bedroom3 is Wood_Grain and Gray while has Green Ceramics floor. bedroom3 has 14 squares in east. In addition, washroom1 has Pink Coating floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Red. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. balcony1 floor is White Wood_Grain while wall is Blue Granite. balcony1 is in west with 7 square meters. Besides, wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow, and floor is White Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 is in center with 41 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Ceramics while floor is Wood_Veneer and Red. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom3, kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 has Blue Coating wall as well as floor is Gray Cement_Board. washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in center. washroom2 uses Black Coating for floor while has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall. floor of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Earth_color, and has Pink Cement_Board wall. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in west. Moreover, bedroom2 has Yellow Rock_Plate wall as well as has Black Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in west. Besides, livingroom1 is in east with 51 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Purple, and floor is Wood_Grain and White. balcony1 is in north with 9 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color while uses Black Wood_Veneer for floor. Additionally, balcony2 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of balcony2 is Ceramics and Black as well as floor is Orange Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, balcony2. balcony1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has three washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 has Purple Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Wood_color Coating. washroom1 has 7 squares in northwest. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in north. floor of washroom2 is Coating and Red, and wall is Black Quartz. wall of washroom3 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow while floor is Wall_Cloth and Purple. washroom3 has 2 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Purple as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Blue. livingroom1 has 54 squares in east. closet1 has Gray Stone_Brick wall, and uses Purple Pure_Color_Wood for floor. closet1 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom1 has 17 squares in west. bedroom1 wall is White Log while has Yellow Jade floor. In addition, bedroom2 uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor as well as wall is White Ceramic_Tile. bedroom2 is in center with 16 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Log and Pink while floor is Earth_color Wallpaper. bedroom3 has 10 squares in northwest. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has Pink Wall_Cloth wall as well as uses Purple Quartz for floor. Additionally, balcony1 covers 10 square meters located in southeast. wall of balcony1 is Jade and Purple, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. In addition, balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in north. balcony2 has Gray Stone_Brick wall while has Purple Granite floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, closet1, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, closet1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. washroom1 is adjacent to closet1. balcony2, washroom2, washroom3 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom2 is next to washroom3. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Quartz and Wood_color as well as uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom1 has 21 squares in southeast. bedroom2 floor is Red Wood_Grain, and wall is Painted_Wood and Yellow. bedroom2 covers 18 square meters located in south. In addition, bedroom3 has Pink Coating floor as well as wall is Red Log. bedroom3 is in northeast with 17 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Mosaic and Orange while floor is Black Bamboo_Vine. washroom1 has 9 squares in north. wall of washroom2 is Granite and Gray, and has Orange Cement_Board floor. washroom2 has 7 squares in east. wall of balcony1 is Log and Pink while has White Wood_Grain floor. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. Besides, balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in north. wall of balcony2 is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color as well as floor is Orange Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 covers 52 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Red Granite, and floor is Quartz and Blue. Additionally, kitchen1 is in northwest with 9 square meters. kitchen1 has Gray Mosaic floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Green. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, washroom2, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Pink as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 is in east with 2 square meters. washroom2 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Cement_Board and White. Moreover, wall of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Green, and has Red Quartz floor. bedroom1 has 20 squares in northwest. Additionally, bedroom2 uses Red Wood_Grain for floor while wall is Quartz and Pink. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. In addition, bedroom3 has Earth_color Coating floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Red. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in center. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 43 square meters located in south. livingroom1 has Green Rock_Plate wall, and has White Marble floor. Additionally, balcony1 floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Green. balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Pink. bedroom1 has 12 squares in southwest. bedroom2 has 11 squares in northwest. floor of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Earth_color while wall is Painted_Wood and Red. washroom1 floor is Earth_color Marble, and wall is Earth_color Quartz. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. balcony1 has 5 squares in southeast. balcony1 has Gray Rock_Plate floor as well as wall is Black Wood_Grain. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Blue, and has Orange Stone_Brick wall. livingroom1 is in east with 23 square meters. Besides, wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color as well as floor is Red Quartz. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 uses White Rock_Plate for floor, and has White Rock_Plate wall. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in east. In addition, bedroom2 has Purple Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is White Wall_Cloth. bedroom2 is in center with 13 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 has Pink Painted_Wood wall while floor is Wood_color Mosaic. washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. Additionally, wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Gray as well as has Pink Ceramics floor. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in west. livingroom1 uses Blue Mosaic for floor while wall is Gray Marble. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Yellow Rock_Plate as well as has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 floor is Pink Bamboo_Vine, and has Red Coating wall. wall of bedroom1 is Log and Earth_color while floor is Wood_color Cement_Board. bedroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Green Mosaic as well as has Red Ceramics floor. bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. livingroom1 uses White Stone_Brick for floor, and has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Gray while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Red. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has Gray Marble wall as well as uses Green Wood_Veneer for floor. washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Purple Jade while has Purple Mosaic floor. bedroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom2 is Granite and Green, and uses Purple Pure_Color_Wood for floor. livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Pink Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is Yellow Coating. floor of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Earth_color, and wall is Wallpaper and Orange. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Wood_color as well as has Purple Ceramics floor. bedroom1 is in east with 20 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 floor is Orange Bamboo_Vine while wall is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile. bedroom2 is in west with 11 square meters. washroom1 floor is White Quartz as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Red. washroom1 has 4 squares in center. Besides, balcony1 wall is Purple Stone_Brick, and floor is Wallpaper and Wood_color. balcony1 has 8 squares in east. livingroom1 floor is Yellow Coating as well as wall is Gray Wallpaper. livingroom1 has 19 squares in center. kitchen1 is in center with 4 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine while floor is Orange Wood_Grain. livingroom1, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1 and bedroom1 are connected. livingroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and White, and floor is Ceramics and Orange. bedroom1 has 13 squares in west. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine while floor is Wood_Veneer and White. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in south. Moreover, wall of washroom1 is Ceramics and Gray as well as uses Red Rock_Plate for floor. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Coating and Wood_color while has Earth_color Ceramics floor. balcony1 has 7 squares in southeast. Besides, balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in north. wall of balcony2 is Rock_Plate and Red, and floor is Wood_Grain and Purple. Additionally, floor of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Green while wall is Blue Marble. livingroom1 has 29 squares in east. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. kitchen1 has Orange Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Orange. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1, balcony2. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony2. balcony2 and washroom1 are connected. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Orange Granite, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Green. Additionally, bedroom1 has 13 squares in east. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color as well as has Black Stone_Brick wall. bedroom2 wall is Blue Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Jade and Green. bedroom2 has 7 squares in northeast. livingroom1 covers 15 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Orange Coating. livingroom2 has Purple Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Log and Black. livingroom2 has 11 squares in west. In addition, floor of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Yellow, and has Blue Granite wall. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, livingroom2, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. livingroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Purple, and uses Pink Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom1 has 15 squares in south. bedroom2 has 10 squares in north. bedroom2 has Black Coating wall as well as has Pink Coating floor. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 has White Wood_Veneer floor while has Black Quartz wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 wall is Blue Wood_Veneer as well as uses Red Ceramics for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Coating, and wall is Gray Mosaic. Besides, kitchen1 wall is Red Wall_Cloth as well as has Wood_color Wall_Cloth floor. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 floor is Red Cement_Board, and wall is Stone_Brick and Purple. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 has Black Log wall while floor is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and White as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Orange. bedroom2 is in west with 5 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Orange Cement_Board wall while floor is Purple Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. kitchen1 has Black Marble wall, and floor is Pink Mosaic. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has Yellow Granite floor as well as has Green Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 covers 14 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Blue Wood_Veneer wall, and uses Green Granite for floor. floor of corridor1 is Marble and Orange as well as has Yellow Mosaic wall. corridor1 is in west with 7 square meters. Additionally, bedroom1 has Red Log wall, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Gray. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. kitchen1 has 9 squares in north. floor of kitchen1 is Log and Orange while wall is Cement_Board and Gray. balcony1 uses Gray Ceramics for floor as well as wall is Marble and Earth_color. balcony1 has 3 squares in northeast. bedroom1, kitchen1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to balcony1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Pink Jade wall as well as has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is White Mosaic, and has White Painted_Wood floor. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom3 has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and Wood_color. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood while has Blue Jade floor. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow, and uses Wood_color Log for floor. Besides, balcony2 has Gray Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Rock_Plate and White. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Black Log, and floor is Blue Mosaic. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. kitchen1 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Black Mosaic. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Purple Wood_Grain, and floor is Painted_Wood and Pink. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. In addition, livingroom1 is in west with 31 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Wall_Cloth while has White Coating floor. Besides, bedroom1 has 13 squares in east. wall of bedroom1 is Granite and Purple, and floor is Red Coating. Additionally, bedroom2 has 12 squares in west. floor of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Red as well as has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 17 squares in east. bedroom1 has Purple Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Pink Marble. Additionally, bedroom2 has White Stone_Brick floor, and has Red Stone_Brick wall. bedroom2 has 11 squares in west. bedroom3 uses Blue Rock_Plate for floor as well as has Green Quartz wall. bedroom3 has 10 squares in west. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 uses Purple Granite for floor while has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom2 has White Wallpaper floor, and wall is Granite and Earth_color. Moreover, balcony1 has 8 squares in east. balcony1 has Blue Mosaic wall as well as has Wood_color Mosaic floor. livingroom1 has 36 squares in center. livingroom1 has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Purple Ceramics. kitchen1 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 has Wood_color Mosaic wall, and has Green Quartz floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom3 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains one bedroom, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 9 squares in west. bedroom1 uses Yellow Coating for floor as well as has Green Ceramics wall. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. washroom1 floor is White Wood_Veneer, and wall is Yellow Log. wall of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink while floor is Pink Coating. balcony1 is in southwest with 3 square meters. balcony2 is in north with 3 square meters. floor of balcony2 is Wallpaper and Blue as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. In addition, livingroom1 covers 19 square meters located in south. livingroom1 floor is Gray Quartz while has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall. Besides, kitchen1 has 5 squares in northeast. kitchen1 uses Orange Granite for floor as well as wall is Purple Marble. bedroom1, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1, balcony2 and washroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in east. bedroom1 uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor, and has Purple Quartz wall. bedroom2 has 11 squares in east. bedroom2 uses Red Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as has White Wood_Veneer wall. In addition, washroom1 is in center with 3 square meters. washroom1 uses Purple Jade for floor while wall is Quartz and Red. Besides, wall of balcony1 is Coating and Red, and floor is Wood_color Marble. balcony1 is in east with 4 square meters. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Green Log while floor is Stone_Brick and Gray. In addition, kitchen1 has Black Jade floor, and has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 13 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall, and has Gray Wall_Cloth floor. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray while floor is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in south. Moreover, washroom1 floor is Wood_color Wallpaper, and wall is Yellow Log. washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. washroom2 has 2 squares in center. wall of washroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Gray as well as floor is Marble and Green. balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. wall of balcony1 is Wallpaper and Green, and floor is Quartz and Purple. Additionally, livingroom1 has Orange Stone_Brick wall as well as uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor. livingroom1 has 30 squares in west. kitchen1 is in center with 6 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Orange Cement_Board, and uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1. balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow, and floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow while floor is Wallpaper and Purple. Moreover, washroom1 has Red Mosaic floor, and wall is Gray Cement_Board. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. Additionally, wall of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color while floor is Blue Granite. balcony1 has 7 squares in east. Besides, floor of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Wood_color, and wall is White Stone_Brick. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red while floor is Jade and Purple. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 has Red Wallpaper wall as well as uses Wood_color Log for floor. bedroom1 wall is Black Rock_Plate while uses Black Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom1 is in south with 20 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 has 35 squares in center. livingroom1 has Blue Rock_Plate floor as well as has Red Painted_Wood wall. Additionally, balcony1 has Orange Log floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Orange. balcony1 is in east with 4 square meters. bedroom1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has four bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in northwest with 18 square meters. bedroom1 has Wood_color Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Wood_color Quartz. bedroom2 has Purple Bamboo_Vine wall while uses Yellow Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in southeast. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom3 is Ceramic_Tile and Black as well as has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall. Additionally, bedroom4 wall is Gray Wall_Cloth, and uses Yellow Quartz for floor. bedroom4 is in northeast with 8 square meters. Besides, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 uses Blue Granite for floor as well as wall is Gray Mosaic. washroom2 floor is Earth_color Jade, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in north. In addition, balcony1 wall is Wood_color Log while floor is Purple Painted_Wood. balcony1 has 10 squares in west. livingroom1 has Gray Rock_Plate floor, and wall is Pink Quartz. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has Pink Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Green Wood_Veneer. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, bedroom4, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. bedroom3 is next to bedroom4, kitchen1. bedroom4 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Coating and Yellow as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Green. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in east. Additionally, bedroom2 has 15 squares in southeast. bedroom2 uses Yellow Ceramics for floor, and has White Wallpaper wall. Besides, bedroom3 has Yellow Coating floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color. bedroom3 is in northwest with 11 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Black while has Gray Wallpaper wall. washroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. Moreover, balcony1 uses Pink Cement_Board for floor, and has Pink Jade wall. balcony1 is in east with 7 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Jade and Purple as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Orange. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in center. In addition, kitchen1 uses Red Quartz for floor, and has Pink Wall_Cloth wall. kitchen1 has 9 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 12 squares in west. bedroom1 wall is Orange Cement_Board, and uses Red Wallpaper for floor. floor of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Red while wall is Log and Orange. bedroom2 has 9 squares in northeast. washroom1 wall is Blue Wallpaper, and uses Wood_color Rock_Plate for floor. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. wall of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Black as well as has Purple Jade floor. balcony2 is in east with 3 square meters. balcony2 wall is Pink Log while floor is Yellow Painted_Wood. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Black Wood_Grain as well as wall is Marble and Blue. livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. kitchen1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor, and has Green Mosaic wall. kitchen1 is in east with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The building contains two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Granite and Orange, and floor is Blue Wood_Grain. washroom1 has 5 squares in northwest. washroom2 has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 floor is Red Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Marble and Pink. wall of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Blue as well as floor is Jade and Wood_color. bedroom2 has 8 squares in south. livingroom1 is in east with 52 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color while wall is Rock_Plate and Green. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. floor of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Green, and wall is Pink Coating. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom2. washroom1 and balcony1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 uses White Log for floor as well as has Gray Wallpaper wall. washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. Additionally, bedroom1 has Red Cement_Board wall while floor is Gray Coating. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 has Orange Wallpaper wall, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Pink. livingroom1 is in center with 25 square meters. kitchen1 is in west with 12 square meters. kitchen1 has Red Painted_Wood floor while has Orange Bamboo_Vine wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 uses Orange Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Gray Wall_Cloth. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. In addition, floor of washroom2 is Ceramics and Black, and wall is Gray Rock_Plate. washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow as well as has Green Coating floor. study1 has 15 squares in west. study1 wall is Red Wood_Veneer while floor is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 floor is Pink Granite as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Orange. Besides, bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Quartz while has White Jade wall. bedroom2 has 12 squares in northeast. wall of bedroom3 is Ceramic_Tile and Red as well as has Red Wallpaper floor. bedroom3 has 9 squares in southeast. floor of kitchen1 is Jade and Wood_color, and wall is Granite and Wood_color. kitchen1 has 8 squares in east. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Wallpaper and Gray as well as has Red Wallpaper wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in west. study1, bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom2. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of bedroom1 is Quartz and Blue as well as uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine wall, and uses Gray Mosaic for floor. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 has Wood_color Quartz wall as well as floor is Black Wallpaper. bedroom3 has 11 squares in southeast. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Blue Wood_Veneer wall, and has Gray Granite floor. Moreover, washroom2 has 4 squares in north. washroom2 uses Yellow Quartz for floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and Pink. balcony1 wall is Gray Log, and uses Gray Stone_Brick for floor. balcony1 is in west with 6 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Pink Mosaic while has Gray Rock_Plate wall. livingroom1 is in center with 38 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. kitchen1 has Pink Jade floor, and wall is Mosaic and Orange. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Purple. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in south. In addition, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom2 is Log and Yellow as well as uses Gray Log for floor. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Red Jade wall while floor is Pink Stone_Brick. wall of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Earth_color, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow. balcony1 has 8 squares in south. Moreover, livingroom1 has Yellow Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Log and Wood_color. livingroom1 covers 39 square meters located in center. Additionally, kitchen1 has 8 squares in north. wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and Wood_color, and uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 has Blue Wood_Veneer wall, and has Purple Mosaic floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is in center with 37 square meters. livingroom1 uses Gray Painted_Wood for floor while has Yellow Stone_Brick wall. bedroom1 has 12 squares in east. bedroom1 wall is Pink Wall_Cloth, and floor is Pink Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 has Purple Quartz floor, and has Orange Wallpaper wall. washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 37 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Wood_color as well as has Blue Log wall. Additionally, wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Yellow while floor is Stone_Brick and Yellow. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 wall is Red Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Log and Red. bedroom1 has 18 squares in southeast. In addition, bedroom2 is in southwest with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Marble and Black while has White Cement_Board floor. bedroom3 is in northwest with 12 square meters. floor of bedroom3 is Cement_Board and Orange as well as has Black Wall_Cloth wall. Additionally, washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall, and uses Yellow Ceramics for floor. washroom2 wall is White Marble while has Green Ceramic_Tile floor. washroom2 has 3 squares in center. balcony1 has 8 squares in east. floor of balcony1 is Granite and Purple as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Purple. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. livingroom1 has Purple Jade floor while wall is Yellow Marble. In addition, kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood as well as has Wood_color Mosaic floor. kitchen1 is in west with 8 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, washroom2. House has two washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 uses Wood_color Jade for floor, and wall is Pink Painted_Wood. washroom1 is in north with 6 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 is in north with 5 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and White while wall is Green Painted_Wood. study1 has 8 squares in east. study1 wall is Green Log as well as floor is White Jade. Additionally, bedroom1 wall is White Ceramic_Tile while has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in northwest. Besides, wall of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Red, and floor is Wood_color Coating. bedroom2 is in northeast with 11 square meters. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Black while floor is White Rock_Plate. livingroom1 covers 41 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 wall is Green Mosaic, and uses White Cement_Board for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom2. kitchen1 is next to study1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. House has three washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has Orange Stone_Brick wall, and has Blue Marble floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in south. washroom2 is in southwest with 5 square meters. washroom2 uses Red Log for floor while wall is Jade and Gray. Additionally, washroom3 uses Wood_color Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Purple Granite. washroom3 is in south with 2 square meters. Besides, bedroom1 wall is Gray Ceramics, and has Green Mosaic floor. bedroom1 is in west with 18 square meters. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in north. bedroom2 floor is Gray Wallpaper while has Blue Cement_Board wall. Additionally, bedroom3 has 9 squares in southwest. floor of bedroom3 is Cement_Board and White as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. livingroom1 has 40 squares in east. floor of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Pink while wall is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. balcony1 uses Yellow Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Gray. balcony1 has 6 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, washroom3. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. washroom3 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one closet, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 is in south with 14 square meters. washroom1 wall is Purple Log, and floor is Blue Wood_Veneer. Additionally, closet1 covers 11 square meters located in center. closet1 has Blue Ceramics wall as well as has Yellow Jade floor. Besides, bedroom1 wall is Orange Ceramics while floor is Painted_Wood and Orange. bedroom1 is in north with 25 square meters. closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to closet1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Blue Rock_Plate floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Yellow. bedroom1 is in northwest with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Earth_color as well as has Wood_color Coating floor. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. floor of washroom1 is Log and Blue, and has Orange Painted_Wood wall. In addition, balcony1 is in southeast with 3 square meters. balcony1 has Black Rock_Plate wall while floor is Black Ceramic_Tile. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Pink, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Black. livingroom1 is in center with 31 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 uses Orange Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as has Yellow Ceramic_Tile wall. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1. The building contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. floor of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Orange, and wall is Log and Red. bedroom1 has 22 squares in southwest. bedroom1 uses Red Pure_Color_Wood for floor while has Earth_color Quartz wall. Moreover, bedroom2 is in west with 15 square meters. bedroom2 has Green Log wall as well as floor is Green Marble. Additionally, bedroom3 has 12 squares in east. bedroom3 wall is Yellow Quartz while floor is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. livingroom1 is in center with 43 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Green Mosaic, and has Orange Mosaic wall. Besides, kitchen1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. kitchen1 has Black Wood_Veneer wall while uses Blue Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, two corridors, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 wall is Black Wall_Cloth as well as has Yellow Ceramic_Tile floor. washroom1 is in north with 6 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer, and floor is Stone_Brick and Green. washroom2 has 6 squares in south. livingroom1 has Orange Rock_Plate floor as well as wall is Pink Stone_Brick. livingroom1 has 45 squares in center. Moreover, corridor1 wall is Wood_color Rock_Plate, and uses Yellow Ceramics for floor. corridor1 covers 11 square meters located in south. Additionally, corridor2 has 3 squares in north. corridor2 wall is Earth_color Ceramics while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color. Moreover, bedroom1 is in northeast with 22 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Black, and floor is Red Marble. Besides, bedroom2 uses Pink Coating for floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Orange. bedroom2 is in northwest with 17 square meters. bedroom3 has 17 squares in southeast. floor of bedroom3 is Log and Purple while wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color as well as has White Ceramics wall. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 has 4 squares in northeast. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Orange, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Gray. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, corridor1, kitchen1, corridor2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1, corridor2. washroom1, corridor2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to corridor1. kitchen1, washroom2 and corridor1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. corridor2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 20 squares in northeast. bedroom1 wall is Red Wood_Grain as well as has Gray Rock_Plate floor. bedroom2 has 11 squares in south. bedroom2 has Gray Pure_Color_Wood wall while has Orange Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom3 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has Green Cement_Board floor. bedroom3 has 11 squares in southeast. In addition, washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Red Cement_Board, and has Wood_color Wallpaper floor. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in east. wall of washroom2 is Marble and Red while uses Gray Wall_Cloth for floor. Additionally, wall of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray as well as floor is Marble and Red. balcony1 has 6 squares in north. Besides, livingroom1 covers 46 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Purple Rock_Plate wall while uses Gray Ceramic_Tile for floor. In addition, wall of kitchen1 is Log and Black as well as uses Red Wood_Grain for floor. kitchen1 has 8 squares in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3, kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. To be specific, washroom1 is in east with 3 square meters. washroom1 wall is Pink Wood_Grain as well as floor is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile. Moreover, livingroom1 has Blue Painted_Wood wall while floor is Gray Coating. livingroom1 has 28 squares in center. Besides, bedroom1 floor is Red Stone_Brick, and has Wood_color Log wall. bedroom1 covers 9 square meters located in southeast. Additionally, bedroom2 has 8 squares in northwest. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Stone_Brick and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 has 4 squares in northwest. washroom1 uses Wood_color Wall_Cloth for floor, and wall is Wood_color Quartz. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 30 square meters. livingroom1 has White Ceramic_Tile wall as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. bedroom1 floor is Orange Wall_Cloth while has Earth_color Log wall. bedroom1 has 12 squares in southeast. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 floor is Purple Wood_Veneer, and has Yellow Ceramics wall. bedroom1 has 18 squares in west. In addition, bedroom2 is in northeast with 9 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Marble and Blue as well as has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. washroom1 has Blue Quartz floor while wall is Yellow Mosaic. washroom1 has 4 squares in northwest. floor of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Yellow as well as wall is Purple Marble. balcony1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. livingroom1 has 24 squares in center. livingroom1 has Blue Wall_Cloth wall while has Wood_color Wood_Grain floor. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in northwest. floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Black as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, floor of washroom1 is Marble and Earth_color, and wall is Blue Mosaic. washroom1 has 3 squares in west. wall of bedroom1 is Quartz and Yellow as well as floor is White Painted_Wood. bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in east. Additionally, livingroom1 has Red Stone_Brick wall, and floor is Stone_Brick and Red. livingroom1 is in center with 16 square meters. balcony1 uses Pink Marble for floor while has Yellow Coating wall. balcony1 has 3 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 floor is Blue Mosaic, and wall is Red Wallpaper. bedroom1 has 14 squares in northeast. Additionally, bedroom2 uses White Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and White. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in west. floor of bedroom3 is Granite and Pink while has White Stone_Brick wall. bedroom3 is in northwest with 10 square meters. washroom1 uses Earth_color Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is Yellow Rock_Plate. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in east. balcony1 has Black Stone_Brick wall while has Wood_color Marble floor. Besides, livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Purple Bamboo_Vine wall, and floor is Wood_color Wallpaper. kitchen1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Blue while uses Red Pure_Color_Wood for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, kitchen1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, two bedrooms, three livingrooms, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 is in east with 3 square meters. washroom1 uses Blue Ceramic_Tile for floor, and has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. In addition, washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in center. washroom2 wall is Pink Wood_Grain as well as floor is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in north. bedroom1 wall is Gray Wall_Cloth, and has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom2 uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor while wall is Gray Cement_Board. bedroom2 has 10 squares in northwest. livingroom1 uses Yellow Granite for floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Red. livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. livingroom2 covers 12 square meters located in south. livingroom2 wall is Black Coating while has Orange Log floor. livingroom3 wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine, and floor is Painted_Wood and Gray. livingroom3 has 6 squares in south. kitchen1 has 6 squares in center. floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Black while wall is Black Jade. livingroom1 is adjacent to livingroom2, bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, livingroom3, washroom2. livingroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, kitchen1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and two kitchens. In practice, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. wall of washroom1 is Coating and Wood_color, and floor is Marble and Wood_color. bedroom1 wall is Black Wood_Veneer while floor is Log and Wood_color. bedroom1 has 16 squares in southeast. Moreover, bedroom2 has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile wall as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Purple. bedroom2 is in northwest with 10 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 has White Quartz wall, and floor is Wood_color Marble. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. Additionally, kitchen1 is in west with 5 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange as well as has Red Cement_Board wall. In addition, kitchen2 has 2 squares in west. kitchen2 has Earth_color Rock_Plate wall while has Earth_color Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to kitchen2. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Yellow as well as floor is Earth_color Ceramics. bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and White while uses Yellow Mosaic for floor. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom3 has Pink Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Blue Ceramics. bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. Besides, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor while wall is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 has Gray Wall_Cloth wall, and uses Pink Coating for floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony2 uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Wood_color Granite. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. livingroom1 has Black Granite wall while floor is Painted_Wood and Red. Additionally, kitchen1 wall is Blue Quartz as well as has Earth_color Wallpaper floor. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom1 has Gray Rock_Plate wall, and uses Wood_color Quartz for floor. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Orange Mosaic while has Black Ceramics wall. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. Besides, bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Pink Rock_Plate, and floor is Black Coating. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Green while wall is Wallpaper and Wood_color. In addition, balcony1 has 6 squares in south. wall of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray, and uses Blue Mosaic for floor. Moreover, balcony2 has 2 squares in north. balcony2 floor is Orange Ceramics while wall is Wood_Grain and Green. floor of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color as well as has Gray Wood_Veneer wall. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. kitchen1 floor is Purple Quartz, and wall is Red Wall_Cloth. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and two kitchens. Specifically, bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Granite, and uses Purple Granite for floor. bedroom1 has 18 squares in east. bedroom2 has Green Wallpaper wall as well as uses Pink Stone_Brick for floor. bedroom2 is in east with 10 square meters. In addition, washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. washroom1 floor is White Pure_Color_Wood, and wall is Wood_color Log. balcony1 wall is Orange Jade while floor is Stone_Brick and Green. balcony1 has 3 squares in north. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 43 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Yellow as well as has Black Wallpaper floor. Moreover, kitchen1 has 10 squares in west. kitchen1 uses Red Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Purple Wall_Cloth. Additionally, kitchen2 wall is Earth_color Log while floor is Cement_Board and White. kitchen2 has 6 squares in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, kitchen2, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. kitchen2 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, three washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 has Gray Coating floor as well as has Orange Stone_Brick wall. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color while has Black Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom3 has 10 squares in center. bedroom3 has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Black Granite. Additionally, washroom1 wall is Black Bamboo_Vine while has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom2 has 4 squares in west. washroom2 floor is Pink Wallpaper as well as wall is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine. washroom3 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom3 wall is Gray Wood_Grain while has Purple Wallpaper floor. Besides, balcony1 floor is Earth_color Ceramics, and wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. balcony1 has 7 squares in north. In addition, balcony2 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. balcony2 floor is White Painted_Wood as well as wall is Quartz and Pink. livingroom1 has 43 squares in east. livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Ceramics while wall is Quartz and Wood_color. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Black Wallpaper as well as floor is Blue Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, balcony2, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom3, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom3. kitchen1 and balcony1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom1 wall is Earth_color Cement_Board as well as floor is White Wood_Grain. Moreover, bedroom1 is in northeast with 15 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Yellow Ceramic_Tile, and has Purple Stone_Brick wall. Besides, bedroom2 is in southwest with 10 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Gray Granite as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Yellow. livingroom1 has 25 squares in center. livingroom1 has Blue Granite floor while wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southeast. floor of kitchen1 is Jade and White as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Red. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has Yellow Mosaic floor, and wall is Green Rock_Plate. washroom1 has 4 squares in southwest. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Yellow as well as wall is Wallpaper and Purple. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in west. bedroom2 wall is Pink Mosaic while floor is Green Ceramic_Tile. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 38 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Wall_Cloth as well as has Orange Granite floor. Besides, balcony1 floor is Gray Quartz while wall is Orange Stone_Brick. balcony1 is in east with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. House has three washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 floor is White Jade as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Orange. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in northwest. washroom2 floor is Purple Coating, and has Yellow Wall_Cloth wall. Moreover, washroom3 has 2 squares in west. washroom3 wall is White Cement_Board while uses White Marble for floor. floor of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Green as well as wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. Additionally, study1 wall is Pink Granite while floor is Granite and Green. study1 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. Besides, bedroom1 uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Orange Painted_Wood. bedroom1 is in southeast with 14 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in north. bedroom2 has Earth_color Jade floor as well as has Gray Rock_Plate wall. kitchen1 has Green Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Log and Blue. kitchen1 has 6 squares in northwest. Moreover, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. balcony1 has Wood_color Wallpaper wall, and uses Wood_color Log for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom3. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to study1, balcony1, washroom2, washroom3. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to balcony1, washroom2, washroom3. balcony1 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom2 is next to washroom3. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 wall is Pink Jade as well as floor is Orange Painted_Wood. bedroom1 is in north with 15 square meters. In addition, wall of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Purple, and floor is Orange Mosaic. bedroom2 is in northeast with 9 square meters. Moreover, bedroom3 has Wood_color Log wall while floor is Wallpaper and Green. bedroom3 has 8 squares in east. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. washroom1 has Black Cement_Board floor, and has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall. In addition, balcony1 has 4 squares in northeast. balcony1 floor is Orange Marble as well as wall is Coating and Green. balcony2 is in southwest with 2 square meters. balcony2 uses Orange Coating for floor while wall is Red Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 has Pink Granite floor as well as wall is White Cement_Board. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 6 squares in south. kitchen1 has White Jade floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Black, and uses Purple Wallpaper for floor. In addition, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Marble while wall is Blue Coating. bedroom2 wall is Green Mosaic as well as floor is Wallpaper and Earth_color. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 has 38 squares in east. livingroom1 uses Earth_color Marble for floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and White. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in west. wall of kitchen1 is Jade and Red as well as floor is Pink Marble. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has Purple Ceramics wall as well as has Red Quartz floor. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 wall is Black Wood_Grain, and floor is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in center. bedroom1 is in northeast with 17 square meters. bedroom1 uses Blue Stone_Brick for floor as well as has Blue Mosaic wall. Additionally, bedroom2 has Red Wall_Cloth wall, and has Purple Stone_Brick floor. bedroom2 is in northwest with 11 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Wood_color as well as has Pink Jade wall. kitchen1 uses Purple Wallpaper for floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Black. kitchen1 is in southwest with 10 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in east with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Orange, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. bedroom2 has White Mosaic wall while has Earth_color Log floor. bedroom2 is in center with 13 square meters. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom1 floor is Gray Marble as well as has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall. Additionally, balcony1 has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine wall while floor is Marble and Purple. balcony1 is in north with 5 square meters. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Gray as well as wall is Wood_color Quartz. livingroom1 is in south with 29 square meters. kitchen1 has Gray Mosaic wall, and has Gray Rock_Plate floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one storage, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in south. washroom1 has White Ceramics wall, and has Blue Jade floor. In addition, washroom2 has Wood_color Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Green Ceramics. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in east. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Orange Pure_Color_Wood for floor while wall is Pink Coating. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in center. wall of storage1 is Marble and Black as well as floor is Yellow Wallpaper. storage1 is in north with 2 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Red while uses Green Log for floor. bedroom1 is in southwest with 13 square meters. bedroom2 has 10 squares in southeast. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramics and Earth_color, and uses Wood_color Quartz for floor. Moreover, bedroom3 uses Blue Jade for floor as well as has Yellow Ceramics wall. bedroom3 is in east with 7 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 floor is Blue Granite, and wall is Wood_color Marble. kitchen1 has 5 squares in northeast. balcony1 has White Mosaic floor as well as has Blue Coating wall. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, storage1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. storage1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 uses Yellow Granite for floor as well as wall is Wood_color Wood_Veneer. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom2 is in south with 4 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Red while wall is Gray Mosaic. In addition, bedroom1 floor is Purple Painted_Wood as well as has Yellow Coating wall. bedroom1 is in northwest with 14 square meters. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile while wall is Black Painted_Wood. livingroom1 covers 53 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Gray as well as wall is Black Wood_Grain. Moreover, balcony1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Cement_Board and White, and has Green Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 has Wood_color Rock_Plate wall, and floor is Green Wall_Cloth. Additionally, bedroom2 is in center with 14 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Marble and Earth_color as well as uses White Bamboo_Vine for floor. floor of washroom1 is Log and Purple while has Black Mosaic wall. washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. balcony1 has Green Log wall, and uses Earth_color Wallpaper for floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 has 31 squares in east. livingroom1 has Pink Ceramics wall while floor is Granite and Purple. Moreover, kitchen1 has Blue Granite floor as well as wall is Orange Marble. kitchen1 has 6 squares in center. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 is in east with 7 square meters. washroom1 floor is White Log as well as wall is Yellow Log. bedroom1 has Pink Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Mosaic and Yellow. bedroom1 has 23 squares in east. In addition, floor of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color as well as wall is Green Quartz. bedroom2 is in northeast with 13 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 has Red Cement_Board floor while wall is Wood_color Mosaic. livingroom1 is in west with 47 square meters. balcony1 has 4 squares in southeast. balcony1 floor is Yellow Ceramics, and wall is Yellow Stone_Brick. Besides, balcony2 is in southwest with 4 square meters. balcony2 wall is Red Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Green Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile wall, and has Orange Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom1 has 16 squares in west. bedroom2 has Purple Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Red. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in south. bedroom3 floor is Red Granite while has Wood_color Quartz wall. bedroom3 has 8 squares in northwest. washroom1 is in northwest with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Yellow Stone_Brick wall, and floor is Wood_Grain and Green. Moreover, washroom2 uses Green Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 has Pink Mosaic wall, and floor is Granite and Black. balcony2 wall is Pink Ceramics while floor is Yellow Granite. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in north. wall of livingroom1 is Coating and Orange as well as uses Yellow Marble for floor. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in east. kitchen1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Mosaic and White while wall is Blue Stone_Brick. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth floor, and has Yellow Coating wall. Moreover, floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and Earth_color as well as has Purple Rock_Plate wall. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in east. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Pink, and has Purple Granite floor. kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple as well as floor is Log and Pink. bedroom1 is in south with 12 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 is in center with 10 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Pink Wood_Grain, and has Gray Painted_Wood floor. bedroom3 has 8 squares in north. floor of bedroom3 is Stone_Brick and Gray as well as has White Coating wall. Besides, washroom1 has Black Marble wall, and has Purple Log floor. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. balcony1 wall is Red Wall_Cloth as well as has White Ceramics floor. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Pink while floor is Pink Wood_Grain. kitchen1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Blue Granite wall, and uses Yellow Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has Red Log floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Red. washroom1 is in center with 5 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 is in north with 3 square meters. washroom2 has Blue Rock_Plate wall while floor is Quartz and Yellow. livingroom1 has Orange Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Green Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 is in south with 32 square meters. Additionally, study1 floor is Red Mosaic while has Purple Quartz wall. study1 has 12 squares in east. Besides, bedroom1 has 11 squares in northwest. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Green, and floor is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 wall is Purple Wallpaper while floor is Stone_Brick and Black. bedroom2 has 10 squares in west. In addition, bedroom3 is in north with 10 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Earth_color Cement_Board, and has Purple Quartz wall. Besides, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in center. kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Granite while floor is Orange Ceramics. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Wood_color, and uses Orange Painted_Wood for floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to study1, bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. balcony1, kitchen1 and study1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom2. bedroom3 is next to balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1, washroom1 and balcony1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, two livingrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Purple Quartz as well as has White Marble floor. livingroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Veneer floor, and has Wood_color Coating wall. livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in center. livingroom2 has Yellow Wallpaper floor as well as wall is Black Rock_Plate. livingroom2 has 6 squares in west. study1 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. floor of study1 is Quartz and Blue, and wall is Cement_Board and White. Moreover, bedroom1 is in northeast with 16 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Pink Wallpaper as well as has Gray Stone_Brick wall. In addition, bedroom2 is in northwest with 12 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Purple Ceramics while floor is Gray Ceramics. Moreover, kitchen1 is in west with 5 square meters. kitchen1 has Black Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Yellow. balcony1 has 6 squares in east. balcony1 has Blue Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Wood_color Quartz. balcony2 has 3 squares in west. balcony2 floor is Green Wood_Grain while has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, livingroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. livingroom2, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to kitchen1. kitchen1, balcony2 and livingroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Orange as well as floor is Purple Wall_Cloth. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Green, and wall is Red Granite. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in center. study1 has Gray Mosaic floor as well as wall is Purple Wallpaper. study1 has 8 squares in east. bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Mosaic, and has Black Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. In addition, bedroom2 has 9 squares in northeast. bedroom2 uses Gray Jade for floor as well as has Red Wallpaper wall. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 has Wood_color Granite wall, and floor is Orange Rock_Plate. balcony1 is in west with 6 square meters. balcony1 uses Purple Wood_Veneer for floor while has Pink Quartz wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 is in northwest with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Marble and Green as well as has Orange Ceramic_Tile floor. livingroom1 wall is Green Wall_Cloth, and uses Green Ceramic_Tile for floor. livingroom1 covers 41 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 5 squares in southwest. kitchen1 has Wood_color Coating wall as well as uses Purple Marble for floor. kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Pink Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Yellow Wallpaper. bedroom1 has Wood_color Wallpaper floor while wall is Pink Quartz. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Gray Painted_Wood, and floor is Yellow Quartz. livingroom1 is in center with 25 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Earth_color Marble as well as wall is Orange Quartz. kitchen1 covers 11 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. floor of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Purple, and wall is Black Wood_Grain. balcony1 has Yellow Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Orange Granite. balcony1 is in west with 1 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses White Pure_Color_Wood for floor while wall is Earth_color Coating. kitchen1 uses Wood_color Bamboo_Vine for floor, and has Green Ceramic_Tile wall. kitchen1 has 5 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in north with 19 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Earth_color, and wall is Coating and Gray. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Gray as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. bedroom2 has 11 squares in center. bedroom3 is in northwest with 10 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Jade and Orange, and floor is Pink Painted_Wood. In addition, washroom1 uses Orange Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Wood_color Granite. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. floor of washroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Black, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Green. washroom2 is in west with 6 square meters. balcony1 has 12 squares in east. balcony1 uses Green Cement_Board for floor while has Blue Pure_Color_Wood wall. Besides, livingroom1 covers 49 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Purple Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Gray Painted_Wood. Moreover, kitchen1 has 7 squares in southwest. floor of kitchen1 is Marble and Black while has Yellow Mosaic wall. bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. balcony1 is adjacent to bedroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. floor of washroom1 is Mosaic and Wood_color as well as has Green Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1 has Purple Quartz floor while wall is Orange Rock_Plate. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. livingroom1 uses Earth_color Quartz for floor, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. livingroom1 is in center with 25 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue as well as wall is Cement_Board and Earth_color. kitchen1 has 12 squares in west. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in center. washroom1 wall is Wood_color Cement_Board as well as has Earth_color Rock_Plate floor. livingroom1 has 33 squares in north. livingroom1 wall is Pink Mosaic, and has Yellow Marble floor. wall of closet1 is Ceramics and Black while has Earth_color Granite floor. closet1 is in west with 5 square meters. Additionally, bedroom1 floor is Gray Bamboo_Vine as well as has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1 has 15 squares in south. In addition, bedroom2 has Gray Cement_Board floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Pink. bedroom2 has 14 squares in north. bedroom3 is in south with 12 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Green Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Granite and Yellow. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in center. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Gray while floor is Wood_color Wallpaper. Besides, wall of balcony1 is Coating and Earth_color as well as floor is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. balcony1 has 5 squares in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1, closet1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to closet1, balcony1. kitchen1 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom1 has Black Coating wall as well as has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor. bedroom2 has Red Pure_Color_Wood floor while has Blue Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. Additionally, washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Pink Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine. floor of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Gray while wall is Jade and White. balcony1 has 5 squares in southeast. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Wallpaper as well as uses Gray Wood_Grain for floor. livingroom1 has 24 squares in center. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 wall is Yellow Wall_Cloth, and floor is Green Painted_Wood. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in west with 12 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Red Wood_Grain as well as floor is Log and Blue. bedroom2 has 6 squares in north. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Wall_Cloth while wall is Wallpaper and White. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor. Moreover, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 wall is Wood_color Ceramics, and floor is Granite and Earth_color. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Yellow Stone_Brick as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Red. livingroom1 has 33 squares in south. kitchen1 is in northeast with 8 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Yellow, and floor is Purple Mosaic. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. In practice, washroom1 has 2 squares in southeast. washroom1 wall is Black Rock_Plate, and has Earth_color Granite floor. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color while has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor. livingroom1 has 21 squares in center. In addition, bedroom1 has Pink Mosaic wall as well as has Pink Log floor. bedroom1 has 10 squares in west. Moreover, bedroom2 is in southwest with 8 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Blue Mosaic while wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 is in east with 6 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Log and Wood_color as well as uses Purple Stone_Brick for floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in south. washroom2 floor is Orange Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Painted_Wood and Pink. Moreover, study1 floor is Pink Granite while wall is Cement_Board and Purple. study1 is in southeast with 21 square meters. bedroom1 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Granite and Earth_color. bedroom1 is in northeast with 15 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 has Earth_color Wood_Grain floor while wall is Black Wood_Grain. bedroom2 is in north with 10 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Green Cement_Board as well as floor is Quartz and Purple. livingroom1 has 47 squares in west. Moreover, floor of balcony1 is Log and White, and wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood. balcony1 has 16 squares in north. balcony2 uses Purple Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Yellow Cement_Board. balcony2 is in southwest with 9 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to study1, balcony1, bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony2, washroom1, washroom2. study1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. balcony1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. balcony2 is next to washroom2. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 has Gray Log wall as well as uses Blue Mosaic for floor. In addition, wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray, and floor is Earth_color Wallpaper. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. Additionally, bedroom2 uses Gray Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Jade and Green. bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. livingroom1 wall is Red Marble, and uses Earth_color Coating for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 floor is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood while has Yellow Quartz wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains three washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 uses Orange Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Blue Ceramic_Tile. In addition, floor of washroom2 is Stone_Brick and Orange, and wall is Blue Rock_Plate. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in east. washroom3 wall is Blue Rock_Plate as well as has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood floor. washroom3 is in east with 2 square meters. Besides, bedroom1 wall is Yellow Jade while uses Gray Ceramics for floor. bedroom1 is in northwest with 16 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 has Yellow Mosaic floor as well as wall is Blue Rock_Plate. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in center. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom3 is Jade and Orange, and uses Pink Granite for floor. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red while floor is Wall_Cloth and Red. livingroom1 is in south with 41 square meters. In addition, balcony1 wall is Purple Marble as well as floor is Orange Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor, and has Yellow Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1 is in west with 15 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Black as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom3 has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall, and has Green Coating floor. bedroom3 is in southwest with 10 square meters. washroom1 has 4 squares in southeast. washroom1 uses Blue Log for floor as well as wall is Log and Pink. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Granite and Pink, and wall is Green Granite. balcony1 is in north with 11 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Red Painted_Wood as well as has Black Cement_Board floor. livingroom1 covers 16 square meters located in south. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 floor is Blue Painted_Wood while has Green Mosaic wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 8 square meters located in north. washroom1 floor is Purple Mosaic as well as has White Log wall. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Jade while floor is White Coating. closet1 is in center with 8 square meters. wall of closet1 is Ceramics and Blue, and has Yellow Wallpaper floor. bedroom1 has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall while floor is Gray Marble. bedroom1 has 12 squares in center. kitchen1 floor is Gray Cement_Board, and wall is Gray Log. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in north. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. balcony1 uses Orange Marble for floor as well as has Blue Coating wall. bedroom1, kitchen1, closet1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to closet1. kitchen1 is adjacent to closet1, washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in northeast with 12 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Red Mosaic as well as has Orange Coating wall. wall of bedroom2 is Marble and Gray while floor is Granite and Pink. bedroom2 is in southwest with 11 square meters. In addition, floor of washroom1 is Quartz and Purple as well as has Gray Rock_Plate wall. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in east. Besides, balcony1 wall is Black Wood_Veneer, and floor is Wall_Cloth and White. balcony1 is in north with 5 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Red Bamboo_Vine as well as floor is Coating and Orange. livingroom1 is in center with 30 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 uses Blue Mosaic for floor, and wall is White Wood_Veneer. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Green, and has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom1 is in southeast with 13 square meters. bedroom2 is in east with 12 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Granite and Green as well as wall is Gray Wood_Veneer. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in center. washroom1 uses Gray Coating for floor, and has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall. Moreover, balcony1 has 5 squares in north. wall of balcony1 is Marble and Red as well as floor is Ceramics and White. livingroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain floor while has Purple Ceramics wall. livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. In addition, kitchen1 has 11 squares in west. kitchen1 has Blue Coating floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Pink. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has 7 squares in northeast. wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple, and uses Gray Coating for floor. In addition, study1 uses Yellow Granite for floor while wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood. study1 covers 10 square meters located in center. bedroom1 has 16 squares in south. bedroom1 has White Rock_Plate wall as well as has Red Rock_Plate floor. bedroom2 uses White Coating for floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Blue. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in north. livingroom1 wall is Blue Wallpaper, and floor is White Granite. livingroom1 is in center with 39 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Quartz while has Purple Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, kitchen1. Building layout contains one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 16 squares in north. bedroom1 has Yellow Ceramics wall, and has White Wood_Grain floor. washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Gray Log while uses Orange Ceramics for floor. balcony1 has 10 squares in south. balcony1 floor is Yellow Rock_Plate as well as wall is Yellow Ceramics. livingroom1 floor is Blue Mosaic while has Purple Granite wall. livingroom1 covers 45 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Yellow as well as wall is Black Quartz. bedroom1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in north. bedroom1 wall is Purple Marble, and floor is Blue Quartz. Additionally, bedroom2 has 10 squares in west. bedroom2 uses Black Pure_Color_Wood for floor while wall is Quartz and Red. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. washroom1 uses Orange Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Yellow Wall_Cloth. balcony1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. balcony1 floor is Wood_color Wall_Cloth while has Yellow Ceramics wall. wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Gray, and floor is Granite and Wood_color. livingroom1 is in east with 31 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 has 9 squares in south. kitchen1 floor is Green Ceramics as well as has Purple Stone_Brick wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has White Marble wall, and uses Black Quartz for floor. washroom1 is in west with 6 square meters. bedroom1 is in north with 44 square meters. bedroom1 has Blue Ceramics wall as well as has Purple Coating floor. bedroom2 has Black Wall_Cloth wall, and has Black Granite floor. bedroom2 is in west with 18 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Painted_Wood and Earth_color as well as uses Wood_color Wall_Cloth for floor. bedroom3 has 12 squares in center. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Wood_color while uses Gray Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 has 47 squares in center. balcony1 wall is Orange Wall_Cloth as well as uses Green Marble for floor. balcony1 has 7 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color. bedroom1 has 16 squares in southwest. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 has Purple Granite wall while floor is Wood_Veneer and Pink. bedroom3 floor is Yellow Marble as well as wall is Blue Mosaic. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in center. washroom1 floor is Yellow Cement_Board, and wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 has Blue Granite floor as well as has Red Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom2 is in west with 4 square meters. Besides, balcony1 is in northeast with 14 square meters. balcony1 has White Jade floor while wall is Earth_color Marble. balcony2 floor is Pink Marble, and wall is White Wood_Grain. balcony2 has 7 squares in southeast. Additionally, floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and Orange as well as wall is Wood_color Quartz. livingroom1 has 42 squares in center. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Red Rock_Plate, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Green. bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony2, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, washroom1. balcony1 is adjacent to kitchen1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in west. bedroom1 wall is Pink Bamboo_Vine, and has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor. In addition, bedroom2 is in west with 12 square meters. bedroom2 has Pink Jade wall as well as uses Black Painted_Wood for floor. Besides, wall of washroom1 is Jade and White, and floor is Coating and White. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. Additionally, balcony1 has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall while has Gray Stone_Brick floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Blue. livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. kitchen1 has 8 squares in east. kitchen1 wall is Green Wood_Veneer, and uses White Wall_Cloth for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Blue Granite wall, and floor is Red Rock_Plate. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northeast. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Earth_color Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Pink Marble. bedroom2 has 12 squares in northwest. floor of bedroom3 is Ceramics and White while wall is Wall_Cloth and Blue. bedroom3 has 11 squares in west. In addition, washroom1 has Wood_color Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 has 4 squares in north. washroom2 wall is Blue Wood_Veneer as well as uses Gray Coating for floor. balcony1 is in east with 5 square meters. balcony1 wall is Orange Ceramic_Tile while floor is Purple Bamboo_Vine. Besides, livingroom1 uses Blue Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Orange Log. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. kitchen1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. kitchen1 uses White Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is White Rock_Plate. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom3, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. washroom1 is next to washroom2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 wall is White Granite as well as floor is Yellow Wall_Cloth. washroom1 has 6 squares in east. livingroom1 has White Ceramics wall while has Green Log floor. livingroom1 has 54 squares in center. Moreover, closet1 covers 4 square meters located in east. wall of closet1 is Quartz and Earth_color, and uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor. study1 has 12 squares in northeast. study1 has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has White Wood_Grain floor. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor, and wall is Purple Wood_Grain. bedroom2 is in southwest with 13 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Blue Wood_Grain as well as wall is Red Granite. In addition, kitchen1 has Pink Mosaic wall, and floor is Earth_color Log. kitchen1 is in northwest with 10 square meters. Moreover, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. balcony1 has Green Marble floor while wall is Black Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, closet1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to closet1. closet1 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Pink. bedroom1 is in north with 20 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Blue Ceramics as well as has Black Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom2 has 13 squares in east. washroom1 floor is Pink Wood_Veneer while has Orange Quartz wall. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. In addition, wall of balcony1 is Granite and Blue, and uses Red Mosaic for floor. balcony1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Green Wood_Veneer while floor is Stone_Brick and Blue. livingroom1 is in south with 35 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 is in center with 5 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Blue Cement_Board, and has Pink Stone_Brick floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. bedroom1 floor is Gray Wallpaper as well as has Gray Stone_Brick wall. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Black while has Wood_color Marble floor. bedroom3 is in northeast with 9 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Green Wood_Grain, and has Purple Wood_Grain wall. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. washroom1 has Purple Mosaic floor while wall is Cement_Board and Orange. Additionally, balcony1 is in south with 11 square meters. balcony1 wall is Yellow Stone_Brick as well as floor is Red Mosaic. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Blue Wallpaper wall, and floor is Cement_Board and Blue. Moreover, kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Black as well as floor is Green Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to bedroom2. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Granite and White, and has Red Marble floor. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in center. Moreover, floor of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Green while has Orange Jade wall. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. Besides, bedroom2 floor is Green Quartz as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Black. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in north. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Green, and floor is Log and Green. livingroom1 covers 43 square meters located in center. balcony1 is in north with 4 square meters. balcony1 wall is Gray Marble while floor is Wood_Grain and Pink. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Pink, and uses White Mosaic for floor. washroom1 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. washroom2 wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate while has Purple Ceramic_Tile floor. washroom2 has 5 squares in east. livingroom1 has 40 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Black as well as wall is Blue Quartz. Additionally, study1 wall is Yellow Ceramics while floor is Jade and Black. study1 has 14 squares in north. In addition, bedroom1 wall is Red Jade, and uses Green Wood_Grain for floor. bedroom1 has 21 squares in east. Besides, wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Blue as well as has Black Ceramics floor. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in northeast. In addition, kitchen1 has Yellow Rock_Plate wall, and floor is Quartz and White. kitchen1 has 10 squares in west. balcony1 has 9 squares in south. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Purple as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Red. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom2. washroom1 and study1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Wood_color Rock_Plate floor, and wall is Stone_Brick and Green. Moreover, study1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Marble and Blue. study1 is in west with 5 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 is in northeast with 12 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Gray Ceramics, and has Orange Wood_Veneer floor. Besides, wall of bedroom2 is Marble and Orange as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. bedroom2 is in northwest with 8 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Pink, and floor is Rock_Plate and Yellow. livingroom1 has 38 squares in center. In addition, balcony1 has 6 squares in east. floor of balcony1 is Quartz and Pink as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Blue. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, study1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. study1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. washroom1 has Green Marble wall, and has Earth_color Quartz floor. Moreover, bedroom1 has 21 squares in east. bedroom1 has Red Granite wall as well as floor is Pink Mosaic. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in west. floor of livingroom1 is Log and Black while wall is Gray Quartz. Additionally, kitchen1 uses Wood_color Mosaic for floor as well as has Gray Wall_Cloth wall. kitchen1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one study, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, floor of washroom1 is Ceramics and Purple as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Orange. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. study1 has 8 squares in north. study1 has Wood_color Granite floor while wall is Jade and White. bedroom1 covers 20 square meters located in east. bedroom1 has Yellow Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Orange Painted_Wood. wall of bedroom2 is Coating and Blue, and has Wood_color Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in center. wall of bedroom3 is Marble and Wood_color while floor is Wallpaper and Blue. bedroom3 has 9 squares in northeast. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Black, and wall is Blue Granite. livingroom1 covers 46 square meters located in west. Besides, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 wall is Purple Mosaic as well as uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and study1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 16 squares in southeast. bedroom1 floor is Orange Rock_Plate as well as has Wood_color Cement_Board wall. bedroom2 has Green Wall_Cloth wall, and floor is Jade and Red. bedroom2 has 14 squares in northwest. Additionally, washroom1 floor is Yellow Quartz as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. balcony1 is in south with 8 square meters. balcony1 has Pink Stone_Brick wall while floor is Cement_Board and Black. In addition, livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Pink Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Gray Painted_Wood. Besides, floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color while wall is Pink Coating. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has Gray Quartz wall, and floor is Purple Jade. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. washroom2 is in north with 6 square meters. washroom2 wall is Wood_color Jade as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Yellow. study1 floor is Purple Pure_Color_Wood while wall is Log and Wood_color. study1 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom1 has 25 squares in southwest. bedroom1 wall is Gray Stone_Brick, and floor is Purple Wood_Veneer. bedroom2 wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine while uses White Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom2 covers 19 square meters located in south. In addition, livingroom1 has 45 squares in east. livingroom1 floor is Orange Mosaic as well as has Red Ceramics wall. kitchen1 has Yellow Coating wall, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. kitchen1 is in northeast with 9 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, washroom1. study1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Red Cement_Board. bedroom1 has 21 squares in north. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Blue Marble while has Yellow Mosaic floor. bedroom2 has 12 squares in east. floor of bedroom3 is Stone_Brick and Red, and wall is Wood_color Log. bedroom3 is in west with 9 square meters. washroom1 uses Red Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Blue. washroom1 has 3 squares in west. balcony1 uses Yellow Jade for floor, and has Red Painted_Wood wall. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. Besides, livingroom1 has Red Log wall as well as floor is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. livingroom1 has 34 squares in south. Additionally, kitchen1 has Gray Wall_Cloth floor, and has Green Mosaic wall. kitchen1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Black Log, and floor is Rock_Plate and Red. In addition, wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Green while floor is Jade and Gray. bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in east. bedroom2 is in center with 8 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Coating and Green, and floor is Gray Coating. livingroom1 covers 11 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Black Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 is in west with 9 square meters. kitchen1 wall is White Coating, and floor is Ceramics and Orange. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Cement_Board as well as has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom1 is in east with 13 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 has Wood_color Jade wall while floor is Black Stone_Brick. bedroom2 is in west with 11 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 floor is White Granite as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Blue. washroom1 has 2 squares in southwest. Additionally, wall of balcony1 is Coating and Purple while uses Blue Mosaic for floor. balcony1 has 5 squares in northwest. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 23 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood, and uses Yellow Wallpaper for floor. Additionally, kitchen1 has 3 squares in southwest. kitchen1 uses Red Wood_Veneer for floor while has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 floor is Orange Ceramics, and wall is Green Wallpaper. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has Red Rock_Plate floor while wall is White Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 covers 23 square meters located in center. study1 has 8 squares in northwest. study1 has Green Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Jade and Green. Additionally, corridor1 is in west with 2 square meters. corridor1 has Yellow Marble wall while floor is Granite and Red. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in southeast. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and White as well as wall is Mosaic and Red. wall of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray while floor is Earth_color Ceramics. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in east. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in west. kitchen1 uses Red Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Earth_color Stone_Brick. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and White, and has Black Wood_Grain floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. study1 is adjacent to washroom1, corridor1. washroom1, corridor1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to corridor1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Pink Mosaic wall, and uses Gray Coating for floor. bedroom1 is in east with 16 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Black Wood_Grain while floor is Quartz and Blue. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Yellow Wallpaper as well as uses Pink Ceramic_Tile for floor. bedroom3 is in east with 9 square meters. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Pink Wood_Veneer wall while has Blue Log floor. wall of washroom2 is Stone_Brick and Red as well as has White Wallpaper floor. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in center. balcony1 uses White Wallpaper for floor while wall is Red Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 has 11 squares in northwest. In addition, balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in south. balcony2 has Pink Wallpaper wall, and floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 has 41 squares in west. floor of livingroom1 is Jade and Yellow while wall is Wood_Grain and Green. kitchen1 has Green Coating wall as well as has White Log floor. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to balcony2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 floor is White Log, and has Purple Wood_Grain wall. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Blue Painted_Wood while has Yellow Cement_Board floor. livingroom1 is in center with 32 square meters. bedroom1 has Black Wall_Cloth wall, and floor is Log and Purple. bedroom1 has 17 squares in east. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has Pink Mosaic wall as well as floor is Orange Wall_Cloth. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. In addition, floor of bedroom1 is Quartz and Yellow, and wall is Wall_Cloth and White. bedroom1 is in northeast with 12 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Log and Blue while uses White Log for floor. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in east. Besides, livingroom1 has 38 squares in west. floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and Gray, and has Black Cement_Board wall. Additionally, balcony1 has 3 squares in east. balcony1 uses Gray Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Pink Stone_Brick. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, balcony1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 wall is White Coating as well as floor is Gray Painted_Wood. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom2 wall is Blue Cement_Board, and has Blue Marble floor. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. Additionally, bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Wood_color Wood_Grain while wall is Black Wood_Veneer. floor of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Pink as well as wall is Red Stone_Brick. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. Besides, balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Yellow while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Green. Moreover, floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and White as well as has Green Painted_Wood wall. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. kitchen1 uses Green Log for floor while wall is Stone_Brick and Pink. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Blue as well as floor is Blue Rock_Plate. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 25 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Orange Marble, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. corridor1 is in center with 3 square meters. floor of corridor1 is Stone_Brick and Wood_color while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Black. bedroom1 has 15 squares in south. wall of bedroom1 is Jade and Black, and floor is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Black as well as uses Wood_color Wallpaper for floor. bedroom2 is in north with 11 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 wall is Green Wood_Grain, and has Black Wood_Veneer floor. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. floor of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Blue as well as wall is Quartz and Purple. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, corridor1. kitchen1, washroom1, corridor1 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to corridor1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. In practice, washroom1 wall is Red Coating as well as floor is Blue Wood_Grain. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Gray, and uses Earth_color Coating for floor. livingroom1 has 23 squares in center. Additionally, wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray as well as floor is Black Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom1 is in west with 13 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 wall is Pink Mosaic, and floor is Wood_color Coating. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. Additionally, wall of washroom2 is Quartz and Yellow while floor is Black Jade. washroom2 has 2 squares in center. Besides, livingroom1 has 35 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Granite and White, and uses Wood_color Rock_Plate for floor. study1 is in east with 12 square meters. study1 wall is Pink Mosaic while has Black Mosaic floor. Moreover, bedroom1 is in southeast with 18 square meters. bedroom1 has Yellow Bamboo_Vine wall as well as uses Orange Coating for floor. bedroom2 has Green Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Log and Earth_color. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in south. kitchen1 wall is Black Wood_Veneer while floor is Coating and Pink. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. balcony1 has 8 squares in southeast. balcony1 uses Purple Jade for floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and White. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, balcony1. washroom1, washroom2 and study1 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has White Bamboo_Vine wall, and floor is White Wood_Grain. washroom1 has 7 squares in west. In addition, livingroom1 has Red Mosaic floor while wall is Stone_Brick and Blue. livingroom1 covers 42 square meters located in center. study1 is in north with 11 square meters. wall of study1 is Log and Green as well as has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood floor. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 20 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 has Wood_color Wallpaper floor while has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom2 has 15 squares in north. bedroom2 wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Purple Marble. kitchen1 wall is Pink Wood_Grain while floor is Red Log. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 has Yellow Ceramics floor, and has Green Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. study1, kitchen1, balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 14 squares in southeast. bedroom1 has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Wallpaper and Red. Additionally, bedroom2 has 13 squares in southwest. wall of bedroom2 is Marble and Green, and floor is Jade and Red. Moreover, bedroom3 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Granite and Wood_color. bedroom3 has 6 squares in northeast. Additionally, washroom1 uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor, and has Black Quartz wall. washroom1 has 7 squares in northwest. In addition, washroom2 is in east with 6 square meters. washroom2 wall is Earth_color Quartz as well as uses Gray Jade for floor. Moreover, balcony1 floor is Orange Quartz, and wall is Coating and Earth_color. balcony1 has 10 squares in south. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Yellow Ceramics as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Red. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in center. Besides, wall of kitchen1 is Coating and Pink, and floor is Orange Wood_Grain. kitchen1 is in north with 4 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1. washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. kitchen1 and washroom1 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 uses Earth_color Wood_Veneer for floor as well as has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall. bedroom1 has 12 squares in northwest. Additionally, bedroom2 has Red Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Blue Wood_Grain. bedroom2 is in east with 8 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Red Marble wall as well as has Orange Wall_Cloth floor. Besides, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. floor of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color while wall is Painted_Wood and Blue. wall of livingroom1 is Coating and Purple as well as floor is Green Cement_Board. livingroom1 has 20 squares in center. livingroom2 wall is Orange Painted_Wood, and uses Wood_color Wood_Veneer for floor. livingroom2 has 3 squares in east. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 uses White Granite for floor while wall is Cement_Board and Gray. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, livingroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, livingroom2. livingroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in north. bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine, and uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor. In addition, bedroom2 is in west with 10 square meters. bedroom2 has Red Painted_Wood floor as well as has Blue Granite wall. Additionally, washroom1 has Black Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Orange Rock_Plate. washroom1 is in south with 3 square meters. balcony1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Pink Stone_Brick. balcony1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 covers 24 square meters located in east. livingroom1 uses Green Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Blue Granite. Additionally, wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and Pink as well as floor is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 is in south with 13 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Purple Wall_Cloth wall, and uses Red Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom1 has 18 squares in east. bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in west. floor of bedroom2 is Granite and Orange as well as wall is Black Wood_Grain. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Yellow Rock_Plate while floor is Pink Rock_Plate. balcony1 has 8 squares in east. balcony1 has Pink Marble floor, and has Blue Jade wall. livingroom1 covers 42 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Red while uses Wood_color Marble for floor. Additionally, kitchen1 uses Gray Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Granite and Purple. kitchen1 is in west with 9 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom1 floor is Red Granite, and wall is Earth_color Granite. bedroom2 is in southwest with 13 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Blue Pure_Color_Wood while has Orange Wood_Grain floor. In addition, washroom1 is in southeast with 4 square meters. washroom1 floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood, and wall is Cement_Board and Red. Additionally, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in north. balcony1 has Purple Painted_Wood wall while floor is Earth_color Mosaic. In addition, balcony2 has Gray Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Blue. balcony2 has 3 squares in east. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Marble and Red, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color. Additionally, kitchen1 floor is Green Log as well as wall is Black Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1, balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony2. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 12 squares in northwest. bedroom1 floor is Pink Marble as well as has Gray Stone_Brick wall. wall of bedroom2 is Coating and Orange while floor is Yellow Painted_Wood. bedroom2 has 10 squares in southeast. Additionally, bedroom3 floor is Pink Stone_Brick, and has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall. bedroom3 is in west with 9 square meters. washroom1 wall is Orange Cement_Board as well as has Blue Log floor. washroom1 is in southwest with 4 square meters. balcony1 wall is Orange Ceramics while uses Orange Ceramic_Tile for floor. balcony1 is in north with 10 square meters. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Orange Granite for floor as well as wall is Black Wood_Grain. kitchen1 is in southwest with 10 square meters. kitchen1 has Green Mosaic wall, and floor is Blue Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Blue Painted_Wood as well as has Green Ceramics floor. wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Green, and floor is Red Painted_Wood. bedroom1 is in northwest with 14 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Yellow Stone_Brick as well as floor is Red Mosaic. bedroom2 is in east with 13 square meters. Additionally, bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 has Purple Rock_Plate wall, and uses Earth_color Ceramic_Tile for floor. livingroom1 has 78 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Wood_color as well as wall is Black Wall_Cloth. balcony1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Wood_color Wallpaper wall while floor is Earth_color Log. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Pink Quartz floor, and has Red Granite wall. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in west. Additionally, bedroom2 has 9 squares in center. wall of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Black as well as uses Yellow Marble for floor. wall of bedroom3 is Log and Wood_color, and floor is Log and Earth_color. bedroom3 is in center with 9 square meters. Besides, washroom1 uses Wood_color Coating for floor as well as wall is Pink Wood_Veneer. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in west. wall of balcony1 is Jade and Purple, and floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood. In addition, livingroom1 has 33 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Gray Ceramics as well as uses Yellow Coating for floor. kitchen1 is in east with 7 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and Red while floor is Purple Wood_Grain. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Yellow Granite floor, and has Green Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. In addition, bedroom2 wall is White Rock_Plate while floor is Gray Stone_Brick. bedroom2 has 10 squares in center. Moreover, washroom1 has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall, and has White Quartz floor. washroom1 has 3 squares in west. balcony1 has 7 squares in northeast. floor of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color as well as has Red Bamboo_Vine wall. Besides, livingroom1 has 38 squares in east. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Wood_Veneer, and uses Gray Quartz for floor. kitchen1 uses Green Quartz for floor while wall is Quartz and Gray. kitchen1 is in south with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. The house plan has three washrooms, one storage, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 is in south with 6 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Black as well as uses Green Marble for floor. Additionally, washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom2 has Wood_color Wallpaper floor, and wall is Painted_Wood and Wood_color. washroom3 has Black Log floor while has Red Wallpaper wall. washroom3 is in northeast with 0 square meters. Moreover, wall of storage1 is Rock_Plate and Black, and uses Earth_color Mosaic for floor. storage1 is in north with 3 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue as well as floor is Ceramics and Black. bedroom1 is in northwest with 19 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 has Earth_color Granite floor while wall is Gray Mosaic. bedroom3 is in east with 14 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Wallpaper and Orange, and has White Wood_Grain floor. livingroom1 has 53 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Yellow as well as floor is Gray Stone_Brick. kitchen1 is in southeast with 8 square meters. kitchen1 uses Pink Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Granite and Pink. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, storage1. storage1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, kitchen1. storage1, washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 floor is Gray Log, and has Orange Cement_Board wall. bedroom2 covers 15 square meters located in northeast. floor of bedroom2 is Jade and Green as well as wall is Black Marble. wall of bedroom3 is Coating and White while uses Earth_color Wall_Cloth for floor. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. washroom1 has 6 squares in southeast. wall of washroom1 is Ceramics and Red, and floor is Red Painted_Wood. In addition, washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Log and Green as well as has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile floor. balcony1 floor is Earth_color Wood_Veneer, and wall is Wallpaper and Pink. balcony1 is in west with 7 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Wood_Grain while has Black Wood_Grain wall. livingroom1 is in center with 47 square meters. kitchen1 has Yellow Mosaic floor, and wall is Pink Rock_Plate. kitchen1 is in east with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Granite and Purple as well as floor is White Ceramics. bedroom1 has 21 squares in northwest. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in west. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood, and wall is Marble and Pink. Moreover, bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in center. bedroom3 floor is Gray Ceramics while wall is Green Wood_Grain. Besides, wall of washroom1 is Coating and Gray, and has Green Stone_Brick floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. Additionally, washroom2 floor is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Jade and Earth_color. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony1 is in southwest with 4 square meters. balcony1 floor is Earth_color Jade, and wall is Yellow Quartz. livingroom1 is in south with 43 square meters. livingroom1 has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Red Wallpaper. In addition, kitchen1 is in east with 9 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Red Jade, and uses Purple Wood_Grain for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in north. washroom1 floor is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Green. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom2 has Yellow Stone_Brick floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Pink. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Green, and has Gray Quartz wall. livingroom1 covers 47 square meters located in center. Moreover, study1 has 16 squares in east. study1 uses Green Mosaic for floor while wall is Green Wood_Grain. Besides, bedroom1 wall is Black Coating, and floor is White Jade. bedroom1 is in northeast with 20 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 has 13 squares in northwest. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Jade as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Green. Besides, kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in west. floor of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and Gray, and has Black Marble wall. Moreover, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 uses Wood_color Marble for floor as well as wall is Green Wallpaper. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom1 has Red Jade wall, and floor is Green Painted_Wood. In addition, floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Blue as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Purple. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. Additionally, bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom3 wall is White Ceramics while has Gray Quartz floor. washroom1 has Red Ceramic_Tile floor, and has Wood_color Cement_Board wall. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. wall of balcony1 is Ceramics and Wood_color while floor is Ceramics and Earth_color. In addition, balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. wall of balcony2 is Wood_Grain and Orange, and uses Wood_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Green Wood_Veneer while has Pink Quartz floor. kitchen1 floor is Orange Painted_Wood as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 15 squares in southwest. bedroom1 floor is Blue Marble, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Black. bedroom2 has 13 squares in south. bedroom2 wall is Purple Painted_Wood as well as uses White Log for floor. Moreover, bedroom3 is in west with 8 square meters. bedroom3 has Orange Wood_Veneer floor, and has White Quartz wall. Besides, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom1 wall is Purple Coating while floor is Earth_color Wood_Grain. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in center. washroom2 floor is Orange Wood_Grain, and has Earth_color Ceramics wall. floor of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple as well as wall is Wallpaper and Blue. balcony1 has 5 squares in southwest. livingroom1 is in east with 30 square meters. livingroom1 has Green Jade floor, and wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick. kitchen1 wall is Gray Ceramic_Tile as well as floor is Red Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 has 8 squares in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 14 squares in north. bedroom1 has Green Ceramics wall, and floor is Granite and Black. bedroom2 floor is Orange Marble as well as has Blue Mosaic wall. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. floor of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Orange while wall is Coating and Green. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. Additionally, floor of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Pink as well as wall is Mosaic and Orange. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in east. Besides, livingroom1 is in center with 30 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Log while has Red Wood_Grain floor. kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Orange, and floor is Red Quartz. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. House has two washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 has 3 squares in north. washroom1 floor is Green Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Blue Mosaic. Additionally, floor of washroom2 is Stone_Brick and Black, and has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall. washroom2 has 3 squares in center. In addition, study1 is in west with 5 square meters. floor of study1 is Wood_Veneer and Orange while wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain. Moreover, bedroom1 wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Yellow. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in south. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Yellow, and uses Blue Wood_Veneer for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 is in east with 34 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Coating while floor is Marble and Orange. Moreover, balcony1 has Blue Rock_Plate floor, and wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 has 6 squares in southeast. balcony2 is in north with 4 square meters. balcony2 floor is Purple Ceramics as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Purple. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, study1, washroom1, balcony2, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom1, balcony2. balcony2 and washroom1 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and White as well as uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor. washroom1 has 7 squares in west. In addition, livingroom1 has Pink Coating wall while uses Red Mosaic for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. study1 uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor as well as wall is Blue Jade. study1 covers 10 square meters located in south. bedroom1 wall is Orange Mosaic, and floor is Quartz and Wood_color. bedroom1 is in southwest with 13 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Pink Granite while floor is Wood_Veneer and Pink. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 uses Blue Marble for floor, and wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. Moreover, balcony1 wall is Pink Mosaic while floor is Wall_Cloth and Black. balcony1 has 4 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1, washroom1. study1, balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one study, one bedroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has Wood_color Wallpaper floor as well as has Blue Coating wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. Moreover, livingroom1 has Wood_color Marble wall, and floor is Orange Ceramics. livingroom1 is in center with 26 square meters. closet1 has White Jade floor as well as wall is Orange Marble. closet1 covers 3 square meters located in west. Besides, study1 has 6 squares in northeast. study1 has Red Ceramics wall, and floor is Cement_Board and Earth_color. Moreover, bedroom1 has 10 squares in southwest. bedroom1 wall is Purple Wood_Veneer while floor is Red Log. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. kitchen1 floor is Black Mosaic as well as wall is Purple Mosaic. bedroom1, kitchen1, study1, closet1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, closet1. study1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to closet1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Red Bamboo_Vine floor as well as has Pink Jade wall. bedroom1 is in southeast with 14 square meters. bedroom2 is in northeast with 13 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Black Wall_Cloth, and has Orange Log wall. bedroom3 wall is Blue Log as well as floor is Ceramics and Blue. bedroom3 is in west with 12 square meters. washroom1 is in north with 6 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Wood_color, and floor is Stone_Brick and Gray. wall of washroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow as well as uses Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor. washroom2 has 3 squares in east. Moreover, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. wall of balcony1 is Mosaic and Pink, and uses Green Mosaic for floor. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Pink as well as wall is Red Cement_Board. livingroom1 has 35 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 has Orange Wallpaper wall, and uses Wood_color Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple as well as has Red Painted_Wood floor. washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. bedroom1 has 7 squares in southwest. bedroom1 has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall, and has Green Cement_Board floor. Additionally, bedroom2 uses Blue Quartz for floor while has Black Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom2 is in west with 5 square meters. livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Yellow Wood_Grain as well as wall is Cement_Board and Yellow. Besides, kitchen1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. kitchen1 uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor while has Gray Cement_Board wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. washroom1 has Orange Cement_Board wall as well as floor is Cement_Board and Black. Moreover, bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom1 wall is Blue Wood_Grain while floor is Pink Marble. In addition, bedroom2 uses Orange Granite for floor as well as wall is Jade and Wood_color. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 floor is White Rock_Plate, and wall is Granite and Orange. livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in center. Additionally, kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Jade while uses Yellow Marble for floor. kitchen1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 wall is Green Wall_Cloth, and floor is Orange Rock_Plate. bedroom1 floor is Black Cement_Board while wall is Red Stone_Brick. bedroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. bedroom2 wall is Black Stone_Brick as well as floor is Gray Wood_Veneer. In addition, livingroom1 has 18 squares in center. livingroom1 has Yellow Rock_Plate wall while uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor. Moreover, kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Purple, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Red. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Purple as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has 14 squares in east. bedroom2 has Wood_color Granite wall while floor is Coating and White. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. washroom1 wall is Earth_color Quartz, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color. balcony1 uses Wood_color Granite for floor while wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. balcony1 has 5 squares in west. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Jade and Wood_color as well as has Black Cement_Board wall. In addition, kitchen1 has 9 squares in northeast. kitchen1 uses Blue Mosaic for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Gray. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 floor is Green Ceramics as well as wall is Blue Cement_Board. In addition, floor of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Orange while wall is Cement_Board and Orange. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in south. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in north. bedroom3 has Pink Mosaic wall as well as floor is Wood_color Granite. washroom1 has Green Jade floor while wall is Red Jade. washroom1 is in north with 3 square meters. balcony1 is in east with 6 square meters. balcony1 wall is Red Rock_Plate, and floor is Jade and Earth_color. livingroom1 floor is Pink Quartz as well as wall is Wallpaper and Purple. livingroom1 is in center with 34 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 uses Green Granite for floor while has Red Ceramics wall. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one storage, two bedrooms, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has Yellow Bamboo_Vine wall as well as floor is Earth_color Cement_Board. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has White Wood_Grain floor while has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall. In addition, study1 has 7 squares in center. floor of study1 is Coating and Black, and wall is White Pure_Color_Wood. Additionally, storage1 covers 3 square meters located in west. storage1 wall is Gray Coating while has Wood_color Log floor. bedroom1 wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Yellow Wall_Cloth. bedroom1 is in southeast with 13 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 floor is Blue Quartz, and has Orange Quartz wall. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. Besides, kitchen1 has Black Granite wall as well as uses Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor. kitchen1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, storage1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1. study1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to storage1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Black, and uses Green Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom1 is in west with 16 square meters. bedroom2 is in east with 9 square meters. bedroom2 has Purple Quartz wall as well as uses Earth_color Marble for floor. Moreover, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 has Green Ceramic_Tile wall while has Orange Marble floor. wall of balcony1 is Marble and Yellow, and has Orange Pure_Color_Wood floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 27 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Orange as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color. In addition, kitchen1 has Pink Wallpaper wall, and has White Cement_Board floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has four bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 wall is Green Ceramics, and floor is Red Jade. bedroom1 has 13 squares in southeast. In addition, floor of bedroom2 is Log and Wood_color while has Green Wallpaper wall. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in center. Besides, bedroom3 uses Black Wood_Grain for floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. bedroom3 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. bedroom4 is in northeast with 3 square meters. wall of bedroom4 is Quartz and Earth_color while has Blue Wood_Veneer floor. washroom1 uses Orange Jade for floor as well as has Earth_color Cement_Board wall. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. In addition, balcony1 floor is Green Marble, and has Orange Marble wall. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in southwest. Additionally, livingroom1 has 32 squares in west. wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Pink while uses Blue Cement_Board for floor. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. floor of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and White, and wall is Ceramics and Purple. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, bedroom3, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom3, bedroom4 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3. bedroom3 is next to bedroom4. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. floor of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Earth_color as well as wall is Purple Wood_Veneer. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 26 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has Wood_color Jade floor, and wall is Green Coating. study1 wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine while floor is Rock_Plate and Pink. study1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. In addition, corridor1 floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Quartz and Black. corridor1 is in center with 6 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Orange Ceramic_Tile while has Blue Log floor. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in southeast. Additionally, bedroom2 uses Black Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Purple Cement_Board. bedroom2 has 10 squares in center. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray while uses Wood_color Coating for floor. Besides, balcony1 is in southwest with 3 square meters. balcony1 has White Pure_Color_Wood wall, and uses Orange Granite for floor. bedroom2, corridor1, kitchen1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, corridor1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to corridor1. corridor1, kitchen1, washroom1 and study1 are connected. corridor1 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall, and floor is White Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 is in center with 43 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Orange while wall is Pink Stone_Brick. closet1 is in west with 5 square meters. closet1 uses Purple Log for floor as well as has Blue Rock_Plate wall. study1 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. study1 uses Blue Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Orange. Additionally, bedroom1 is in southeast with 20 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Wood_color Wallpaper as well as floor is White Wallpaper. bedroom2 is in southwest with 19 square meters. bedroom2 has White Wood_Veneer wall while floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood. Moreover, bedroom3 has 8 squares in northwest. bedroom3 has Orange Mosaic wall as well as uses Blue Bamboo_Vine for floor. In addition, wall of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow, and floor is Orange Jade. kitchen1 has 9 squares in north. balcony1 has 7 squares in south. wall of balcony1 is Ceramics and Blue as well as uses Yellow Marble for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, closet1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, closet1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is next to closet1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Blue Jade floor, and wall is Log and Purple. bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Pink as well as floor is Green Wallpaper. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. Additionally, bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom3 has Black Ceramic_Tile floor, and has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall. wall of washroom1 is Jade and Blue as well as floor is Wallpaper and Purple. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. balcony1 wall is Red Cement_Board, and uses Green Log for floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. Besides, balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. balcony2 has Orange Ceramics wall as well as has Yellow Jade floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Yellow while floor is Jade and Yellow. Moreover, kitchen1 has Orange Ceramics wall as well as has Red Coating floor. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 wall is Pink Marble, and has Orange Wood_Grain floor. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in west. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 floor is Purple Ceramic_Tile as well as has White Cement_Board wall. wall of bedroom3 is Wallpaper and Earth_color while floor is Coating and Pink. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in south. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine, and has Red Jade floor. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Orange while has Yellow Cement_Board floor. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. Besides, balcony2 is in southeast with 3 square meters. balcony2 has Yellow Coating floor as well as has Black Wood_Grain wall. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 30 square meters. livingroom1 has Blue Stone_Brick wall, and has Yellow Ceramic_Tile floor. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 has Purple Marble wall while has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom3 is next to balcony2. washroom1, balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 wall is Gray Ceramics, and uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor. bedroom1 is in northeast with 17 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Wood_color as well as has Orange Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom3 is Ceramics and Wood_color while has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in center. Moreover, washroom1 wall is Gray Marble as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in center. Besides, washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in east. wall of washroom2 is Wood_Grain and Orange while has Wood_color Wallpaper floor. floor of balcony1 is Mosaic and Purple as well as has White Pure_Color_Wood wall. balcony1 has 13 squares in north. wall of balcony2 is Coating and Yellow, and floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in south. livingroom1 uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Red. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in west. Moreover, kitchen1 floor is Wood_color Quartz while wall is Painted_Wood and Green. kitchen1 has 8 squares in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains three washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 has Gray Painted_Wood wall, and has Green Pure_Color_Wood floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in east. In addition, washroom2 has White Granite wall as well as floor is Blue Ceramics. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. washroom3 is in center with 2 square meters. wall of washroom3 is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color, and has Wood_color Wallpaper floor. livingroom1 has 43 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Granite and Wood_color while has Pink Wood_Veneer wall. closet1 uses Wood_color Granite for floor, and has Blue Log wall. closet1 is in east with 5 square meters. Moreover, study1 is in southwest with 12 square meters. study1 floor is Green Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Blue. bedroom1 is in east with 15 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Coating and Purple while has Purple Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom2 has Pink Mosaic wall as well as floor is Purple Mosaic. bedroom2 is in south with 11 square meters. In addition, bedroom3 has Blue Quartz floor while has Blue Ceramics wall. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. Additionally, kitchen1 wall is Red Ceramic_Tile as well as has White Ceramics floor. kitchen1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. balcony1 has 8 squares in south. wall of balcony1 is Wallpaper and Red, and floor is Marble and Earth_color. balcony2 floor is Orange Wood_Grain while wall is Red Quartz. balcony2 is in north with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, balcony2, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, closet1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. closet1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom2 is next to washroom3. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Wood_color Marble as well as has White Log floor. livingroom1 covers 22 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall while floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood. Moreover, study1 has 8 squares in north. floor of study1 is Wall_Cloth and Orange as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. bedroom1 is in north with 11 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink, and uses Black Wall_Cloth for floor. bedroom2 has 8 squares in south. bedroom2 wall is Pink Wallpaper while uses White Wallpaper for floor. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in south. kitchen1 floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood, and wall is Mosaic and White. In addition, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 floor is Green Marble as well as wall is Granite and Yellow. balcony2 uses Red Granite for floor while has Wood_color Rock_Plate wall. balcony2 is in west with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to study1. balcony1, washroom1 and study1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, and one bedroom. In practice, washroom1 wall is Blue Painted_Wood as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Purple. washroom1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Pink Wood_Grain, and uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in west. In addition, corridor1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. wall of corridor1 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink while has Purple Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. floor of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple as well as has Gray Ceramics wall. bedroom1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, corridor1. corridor1 and washroom1 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom1 uses Purple Wood_Veneer for floor as well as wall is Purple Log. livingroom1 has 33 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Wallpaper, and wall is Red Jade. Moreover, study1 is in northwest with 11 square meters. floor of study1 is Cement_Board and Red as well as wall is Red Mosaic. bedroom1 is in southwest with 16 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Blue Ceramics, and floor is Green Cement_Board. bedroom2 wall is Green Stone_Brick as well as uses Red Log for floor. bedroom2 is in east with 15 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Earth_color Coating. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Additionally, balcony1 floor is White Mosaic as well as wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is next to washroom1, kitchen1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Ceramics and Green. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue while floor is Stone_Brick and Blue. bedroom2 is in south with 11 square meters. In addition, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. floor of washroom1 is Wallpaper and Red as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Pink. floor of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red, and wall is Quartz and Black. balcony1 has 4 squares in south. Besides, livingroom1 is in north with 15 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Yellow as well as has Earth_color Mosaic floor. Moreover, kitchen1 has Wood_color Wallpaper wall, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Blue. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Gray Quartz wall, and floor is Marble and Blue. bedroom1 has 12 squares in west. wall of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Wood_color as well as floor is Pink Ceramic_Tile. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Granite, and floor is Gray Marble. bedroom2 has 12 squares in south. Besides, livingroom1 floor is Red Quartz as well as wall is Purple Log. livingroom1 has 31 squares in north. Moreover, kitchen1 uses Pink Marble for floor while has Purple Granite wall. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Pink, and uses White Log for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in center. bedroom1 has Orange Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Green Painted_Wood. bedroom1 is in west with 20 square meters. bedroom2 uses Earth_color Quartz for floor, and wall is Jade and Purple. bedroom2 has 11 squares in east. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color as well as has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor. livingroom1 is in center with 32 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Black Mosaic, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Purple. kitchen1 is in east with 9 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Black as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Orange. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Ceramics while has Yellow Coating floor. Additionally, washroom1 has Red Rock_Plate wall as well as has White Ceramics floor. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. balcony1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Orange, and wall is Black Cement_Board. Besides, balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in west. balcony2 has Orange Wood_Grain floor while has Green Coating wall. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color as well as floor is Wallpaper and Pink. livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in center. floor of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Black while wall is Green Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, balcony2. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 wall is Black Wood_Veneer as well as uses Earth_color Ceramic_Tile for floor. Moreover, bedroom1 has Pink Granite floor, and wall is Jade and Earth_color. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom2 wall is Pink Granite while floor is Green Rock_Plate. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. bedroom3 wall is Gray Quartz, and has Purple Wood_Veneer floor. livingroom1 floor is Gray Wood_Grain while wall is Red Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. balcony1 has Yellow Coating floor, and has Wood_color Jade wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. wall of washroom1 is Granite and Gray, and floor is Pink Cement_Board. bedroom1 floor is Black Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Jade and Orange. bedroom1 has 16 squares in northeast. wall of livingroom1 is Jade and Black, and floor is Stone_Brick and Black. livingroom1 has 72 squares in center. kitchen1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. kitchen1 has Green Wood_Veneer floor as well as has Yellow Coating wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one corridor, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and three balconys. In practice, washroom1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Yellow, and floor is Coating and Yellow. Additionally, floor of washroom2 is Log and Yellow while wall is Gray Ceramics. washroom2 is in center with 4 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Yellow, and uses White Stone_Brick for floor. Additionally, corridor1 covers 6 square meters located in south. corridor1 has Earth_color Marble floor while has Gray Painted_Wood wall. Besides, bedroom1 covers 21 square meters located in west. bedroom1 floor is Purple Ceramics, and wall is Mosaic and White. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Blue Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Orange Granite. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in southwest. bedroom3 wall is Pink Quartz while floor is Pink Wood_Veneer. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in east. Besides, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in east. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray, and has Black Pure_Color_Wood floor. balcony1 has Gray Marble floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color. balcony1 has 10 squares in north. balcony2 has Gray Quartz wall, and floor is White Painted_Wood. balcony2 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. Moreover, balcony3 covers 3 square meters located in southeast. floor of balcony3 is Wall_Cloth and Yellow as well as wall is Yellow Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, corridor1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony2, washroom2. corridor1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. balcony1 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom1 is next to corridor1, balcony3. balcony3 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in east. bedroom1 floor is Yellow Log as well as wall is Pink Rock_Plate. In addition, bedroom2 wall is White Quartz, and floor is Marble and Black. bedroom2 is in southwest with 13 square meters. Besides, washroom1 uses White Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Gray. washroom1 covers 2 square meters located in southeast. Additionally, washroom2 is in southeast with 2 square meters. washroom2 has Gray Wood_Veneer wall while uses Earth_color Wallpaper for floor. In addition, balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in north. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Orange as well as floor is Yellow Ceramics. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Orange while wall is Green Wood_Grain. Besides, floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Gray as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Red. kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Orange Pure_Color_Wood floor, and has Black Mosaic wall. bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall as well as uses Purple Ceramics for floor. bedroom2 has 10 squares in northwest. Moreover, washroom1 floor is Gray Quartz while wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. balcony1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. balcony1 uses Black Wood_Grain for floor, and has Black Wood_Grain wall. Additionally, livingroom1 has 26 squares in south. livingroom1 uses Gray Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Granite and Yellow. kitchen1 wall is Blue Wood_Veneer, and has Green Ceramic_Tile floor. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Wood_color Wallpaper as well as has Gray Rock_Plate floor. livingroom1 has Green Granite wall, and floor is Earth_color Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 has 29 squares in west. closet1 has Orange Wood_Grain floor while wall is Granite and Wood_color. closet1 has 4 squares in east. In addition, wall of study1 is Stone_Brick and Pink as well as floor is Black Pure_Color_Wood. study1 has 9 squares in northeast. floor of bedroom1 is Coating and Black, and wall is Black Wood_Grain. bedroom1 is in southeast with 14 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 is in center with 10 square meters. bedroom2 has Blue Coating floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Red. In addition, kitchen1 has Blue Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Yellow Cement_Board. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Blue as well as floor is Gray Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1, closet1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, closet1. washroom1, closet1 and study1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Black, and has Earth_color Ceramics floor. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, bedroom2 is in north with 8 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Granite and Gray while uses Blue Coating for floor. bedroom3 uses Purple Coating for floor, and wall is Orange Ceramic_Tile. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in east. Besides, washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Jade and White as well as wall is White Mosaic. In addition, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 wall is Red Jade, and floor is Red Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 has 26 squares in south. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Jade while floor is Red Wallpaper. Moreover, kitchen1 has 9 squares in west. kitchen1 has Black Wood_Grain wall, and uses White Granite for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in southeast with 18 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray, and has Earth_color Log floor. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in north. bedroom2 floor is Yellow Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood. Moreover, bedroom3 wall is Black Granite while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. In addition, washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Log and Wood_color as well as floor is Jade and Green. washroom2 uses Pink Stone_Brick for floor while has Red Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom2 has 3 squares in east. balcony1 wall is Green Coating, and has Orange Jade floor. balcony1 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 covers 52 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Green Coating for floor while wall is Wallpaper and Purple. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 uses Green Jade for floor, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, balcony1. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. kitchen1 and balcony1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom1 has Purple Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Mosaic and Pink. Additionally, bedroom2 uses Red Coating for floor as well as wall is Yellow Marble. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom3 is Painted_Wood and Green while floor is Cement_Board and Blue. bedroom3 is in north with 8 square meters. washroom1 has Wood_color Granite wall, and uses Red Wood_Grain for floor. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in west. balcony1 has Pink Painted_Wood wall as well as uses Black Painted_Wood for floor. balcony1 has 6 squares in southeast. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Orange Rock_Plate while wall is Yellow Jade. livingroom1 is in south with 31 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 has Wood_color Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Purple Mosaic. kitchen1 is in west with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom3, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Red, and floor is Painted_Wood and Red. In addition, floor of bedroom2 is Cement_Board and Yellow while has Yellow Wood_Grain wall. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom3 wall is Gray Wood_Grain as well as uses White Wall_Cloth for floor. washroom1 wall is Yellow Wall_Cloth while has Gray Log floor. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 uses White Bamboo_Vine for floor, and has Pink Mosaic wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. In addition, balcony2 has 2 squares in north. wall of balcony2 is Stone_Brick and Orange as well as has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor. wall of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Blue while uses Blue Stone_Brick for floor. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. wall of kitchen1 is Rock_Plate and Black as well as has Wood_color Log floor. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The house plan has one washroom, one storage, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has White Rock_Plate floor, and has Wood_color Marble wall. washroom1 is in north with 3 square meters. wall of storage1 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow as well as floor is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood. storage1 is in center with 3 square meters. bedroom1 is in northeast with 14 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Pink Bamboo_Vine, and has Red Wall_Cloth floor. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Red Jade as well as wall is Gray Ceramics. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. livingroom1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall, and has Green Jade floor. balcony1 has Blue Stone_Brick floor while wall is Gray Wallpaper. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, storage1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to storage1. The building contains one washroom, one study, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Log and Gray as well as floor is Yellow Painted_Wood. washroom1 has 11 squares in southeast. floor of study1 is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color while wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate. study1 covers 7 square meters located in west. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 22 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Pink, and wall is Stone_Brick and Earth_color. bedroom1 is in northwest with 10 square meters. bedroom1 uses Blue Pure_Color_Wood for floor while has Wood_color Jade wall. washroom1, bedroom1, study1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 is in south with 6 square meters. washroom1 uses Earth_color Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is Red Quartz. In addition, livingroom1 has White Cement_Board floor, and has Black Wall_Cloth wall. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in east. Besides, study1 has Pink Mosaic floor as well as wall is Yellow Quartz. study1 has 8 squares in southwest. In addition, bedroom1 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall, and floor is Wood_Grain and Purple. bedroom1 is in west with 12 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is White Granite while uses Red Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom2 has 10 squares in center. kitchen1 has 4 squares in southeast. kitchen1 floor is Green Ceramics as well as has Green Painted_Wood wall. In addition, balcony1 wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Earth_color Wallpaper. balcony1 covers 10 square meters located in north. wall of balcony2 is Wall_Cloth and Red as well as uses Green Cement_Board for floor. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, study1, washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, balcony2. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. balcony1 is next to balcony2. washroom1 and study1 are connected. washroom1 is next to kitchen1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in east. bedroom1 has White Jade wall, and floor is White Ceramic_Tile. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 has White Granite floor while has Purple Marble wall. washroom1 has Blue Marble floor as well as has Yellow Coating wall. washroom1 is in southwest with 4 square meters. balcony1 wall is Blue Ceramics, and floor is Gray Jade. balcony1 has 6 squares in northwest. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Black Wall_Cloth while has Earth_color Wallpaper floor. livingroom1 is in center with 37 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Coating and Yellow, and floor is Pink Painted_Wood. kitchen1 has 5 squares in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 has 9 squares in west. washroom1 has Blue Cement_Board floor, and has Pink Coating wall. washroom2 has 5 squares in north. washroom2 floor is Green Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Pink. wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and White, and floor is Gray Ceramics. bedroom1 has 31 squares in west. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray as well as has Purple Log floor. bedroom2 has 13 squares in northwest. livingroom1 has 64 squares in east. livingroom1 has Black Marble wall while uses Green Log for floor. balcony1 is in south with 5 square meters. balcony1 floor is Black Wood_Veneer, and has Yellow Stone_Brick wall. Moreover, balcony2 wall is Yellow Log as well as has Earth_color Wall_Cloth floor. balcony2 has 4 squares in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom2, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom1 floor is Purple Bamboo_Vine, and has Blue Jade wall. Moreover, washroom2 has 4 squares in north. washroom2 floor is Purple Pure_Color_Wood while wall is Cement_Board and Green. Besides, livingroom1 has Gray Granite floor as well as wall is Green Cement_Board. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. Additionally, study1 wall is Gray Mosaic, and has Red Quartz floor. study1 covers 10 square meters located in center. bedroom1 floor is Red Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is White Mosaic. bedroom1 has 18 squares in northwest. Besides, bedroom2 has Yellow Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Stone_Brick and Black. bedroom2 has 14 squares in northeast. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 floor is Orange Wood_Veneer as well as has Pink Wall_Cloth wall. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in east. balcony1 has White Stone_Brick wall, and floor is Cement_Board and Gray. Moreover, balcony2 has 5 squares in west. balcony2 has Black Stone_Brick wall while has Wood_color Cement_Board floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. study1, balcony2, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2. study1 is adjacent to balcony2. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one bedroom, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 uses Blue Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as has Wood_color Quartz wall. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. livingroom1 has Wood_color Quartz wall while floor is Stone_Brick and Gray. livingroom1 has 21 squares in east. In addition, study1 covers 6 square meters located in south. study1 has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor, and wall is Red Cement_Board. Additionally, bedroom1 has Black Stone_Brick wall as well as has Orange Coating floor. bedroom1 has 12 squares in west. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. kitchen1 uses Purple Granite for floor, and has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall. wall of balcony1 is Marble and Yellow as well as floor is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. balcony2 wall is White Coating while has Pink Ceramics floor. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. bedroom1, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to study1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony2. balcony2 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom1 floor is Gray Ceramics, and wall is Red Log. livingroom1 is in center with 19 square meters. livingroom1 floor is White Granite as well as has Wood_color Granite wall. floor of storage1 is Stone_Brick and Gray while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. storage1 covers 3 square meters located in south. bedroom1 is in east with 12 square meters. bedroom1 wall is White Rock_Plate, and floor is Wood_Grain and Red. floor of bedroom2 is Log and Blue as well as wall is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in west. kitchen1 floor is Wood_color Wood_Veneer, and wall is Orange Cement_Board. wall of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Yellow as well as floor is Gray Painted_Wood. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, storage1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, storage1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in east. bedroom1 has Black Mosaic wall, and has Red Marble floor. Additionally, washroom1 is in west with 2 square meters. washroom1 uses Black Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Red Marble. balcony1 is in east with 3 square meters. balcony1 wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer, and has Orange Quartz floor. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Purple Wallpaper while has White Wood_Grain floor. livingroom1 is in center with 11 square meters. kitchen1 has 4 squares in west. kitchen1 has Green Mosaic wall, and has Gray Stone_Brick floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 15 squares in northwest. bedroom1 has Pink Mosaic floor as well as wall is Yellow Ceramics. Additionally, bedroom2 has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall while has Black Mosaic floor. bedroom2 is in east with 11 square meters. washroom1 has Earth_color Coating floor as well as has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Moreover, balcony1 wall is Wood_color Cement_Board, and floor is Black Granite. balcony1 is in west with 6 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Cement_Board while wall is White Wallpaper. livingroom1 has 31 squares in center. kitchen1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. kitchen1 has Black Painted_Wood floor as well as has Purple Wall_Cloth wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in north with 14 square meters. bedroom1 has Pink Mosaic wall as well as has Black Painted_Wood floor. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in south. bedroom2 uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine. washroom1 wall is Blue Ceramics while floor is Green Mosaic. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. In addition, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony1 uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Yellow. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Black Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Gray Coating. kitchen1 uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Granite and Wood_color. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. House has three washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 floor is Yellow Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Blue Painted_Wood. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in south. washroom2 wall is Pink Wood_Veneer while has Pink Marble floor. washroom3 covers 2 square meters located in center. washroom3 uses Gray Coating for floor, and has Pink Jade wall. Moreover, livingroom1 has 33 squares in east. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Red while has Purple Log wall. Besides, wall of study1 is Bamboo_Vine and White, and uses Purple Jade for floor. study1 covers 8 square meters located in south. bedroom1 has Blue Cement_Board wall while floor is Earth_color Ceramics. bedroom1 is in northwest with 17 square meters. bedroom2 is in north with 13 square meters. bedroom2 uses Blue Wood_Grain for floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall while has Red Wall_Cloth floor. balcony1 uses Yellow Quartz for floor as well as has Wood_color Marble wall. balcony1 is in northeast with 8 square meters. Moreover, floor of balcony2 is Wallpaper and Wood_color while has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom2, study1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. balcony2 is next to washroom2. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of bedroom1 is Coating and Earth_color as well as has Orange Log floor. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. wall of bedroom2 is Cement_Board and Wood_color, and uses Purple Wallpaper for floor. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom3 uses Yellow Wood_Veneer for floor while wall is Marble and Black. Moreover, washroom1 uses Blue Quartz for floor, and has Yellow Ceramics wall. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. Besides, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 wall is Blue Rock_Plate while floor is Purple Bamboo_Vine. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. balcony2 wall is Green Wallpaper, and has White Quartz floor. livingroom1 floor is Gray Quartz while wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in center. kitchen1 is in north with 4 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Gray Ceramics, and floor is Granite and Red. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1, balcony2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Orange, and has Pink Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1 has 12 squares in west. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Wood_color as well as uses Gray Pure_Color_Wood for floor. Additionally, washroom1 has Earth_color Marble floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Purple. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. balcony1 is in southwest with 8 square meters. balcony1 has Purple Wall_Cloth floor, and has Pink Bamboo_Vine wall. In addition, floor of balcony2 is Jade and Wood_color as well as wall is Ceramics and Blue. balcony2 has 3 squares in east. wall of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Black while has Green Wall_Cloth floor. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in south. kitchen1 has Red Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Orange Stone_Brick. kitchen1 has 5 squares in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. Specifically, wall of washroom1 is Marble and White as well as floor is Blue Coating. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. wall of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Black while has Wood_color Jade floor. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. In addition, bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in east. bedroom1 floor is Orange Cement_Board as well as wall is Coating and Orange. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has Yellow Rock_Plate floor while wall is Purple Painted_Wood. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 uses Purple Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Earth_color. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in east. livingroom1 wall is Purple Cement_Board while floor is Wood_Grain and Black. study1 has Wood_color Quartz wall, and uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor. study1 is in west with 14 square meters. corridor1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. corridor1 has Green Ceramic_Tile floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Black. In addition, bedroom1 is in southwest with 14 square meters. bedroom1 uses Gray Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as has Gray Stone_Brick wall. Moreover, bedroom2 has 13 squares in south. bedroom2 wall is White Rock_Plate, and floor is Gray Log. Additionally, kitchen1 has 10 squares in north. kitchen1 uses Purple Granite for floor while wall is Marble and Blue. wall of balcony1 is Rock_Plate and Red, and floor is Jade and Gray. balcony1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, corridor1. bedroom1 is next to study1, bedroom2. washroom1 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, corridor1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom1 wall is White Painted_Wood as well as floor is Orange Cement_Board. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Orange, and uses Pink Cement_Board for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 25 square meters. Besides, study1 has Purple Cement_Board wall while has Purple Log floor. study1 has 7 squares in south. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in center. bedroom1 floor is Purple Mosaic as well as has Purple Log wall. In addition, bedroom2 has Orange Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Pink Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 is in west with 9 square meters. kitchen1 has Black Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Green. kitchen1 is in east with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Earth_color Log wall, and has Earth_color Painted_Wood floor. balcony1 is in east with 3 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, study1. study1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 is next to balcony1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, and three bedrooms. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Granite and Blue as well as floor is Mosaic and Gray. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Black Quartz. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in north. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Blue Rock_Plate, and wall is Green Painted_Wood. livingroom1 is in center with 73 square meters. Moreover, wall of bedroom1 is Log and Black while has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom1 is in northwest with 20 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Green Granite, and floor is Pink Painted_Wood. bedroom2 is in northeast with 12 square meters. In addition, floor of bedroom3 is Rock_Plate and Wood_color as well as has Red Coating wall. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. floor of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Blue as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Purple. In addition, bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 wall is Red Wood_Veneer while floor is Wood_Grain and White. Additionally, bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. bedroom3 floor is Gray Ceramics, and wall is Blue Wood_Veneer. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 has Blue Marble wall as well as floor is Mosaic and Earth_color. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. floor of balcony1 is Mosaic and Blue while wall is Quartz and Red. In addition, balcony2 has Pink Stone_Brick wall as well as uses Purple Wallpaper for floor. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. Besides, livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Red Coating, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Gray. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color as well as has Blue Rock_Plate wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in east. bedroom1 wall is Orange Bamboo_Vine, and floor is Jade and Pink. bedroom2 has 8 squares in center. bedroom2 wall is Green Ceramic_Tile as well as uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor. Additionally, bedroom3 has 8 squares in west. bedroom3 has Orange Granite floor while has Earth_color Mosaic wall. wall of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Black as well as uses Pink Ceramic_Tile for floor. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. In addition, wall of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Wood_color, and uses Earth_color Rock_Plate for floor. balcony1 has 5 squares in east. livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. livingroom1 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood wall while has Black Coating floor. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in west. kitchen1 floor is Wood_color Quartz as well as wall is Gray Marble. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The house plan has three washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom1 has Earth_color Mosaic floor as well as has Red Marble wall. In addition, washroom2 floor is Orange Wall_Cloth, and has Black Wood_Grain wall. washroom2 has 3 squares in north. Moreover, washroom3 covers 2 square meters located in west. washroom3 has Orange Jade wall as well as uses Purple Ceramic_Tile for floor. livingroom1 covers 47 square meters located in south. floor of livingroom1 is Granite and Black while has Orange Rock_Plate wall. In addition, closet1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. floor of closet1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Red. Additionally, study1 has 14 squares in east. study1 has Blue Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Rock_Plate and White. floor of bedroom1 is Log and Pink as well as wall is Green Mosaic. bedroom1 is in north with 19 square meters. Besides, floor of bedroom2 is Marble and White while has Black Cement_Board wall. bedroom2 is in northwest with 10 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 floor is Green Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Coating and Yellow. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in southeast. floor of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue as well as has Wood_color Jade wall. bedroom1, study1, balcony1, closet1, kitchen1, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to study1, closet1, washroom2. bedroom2 is next to closet1, washroom1, washroom3. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom3. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall, and uses Red Ceramic_Tile for floor. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood while uses Blue Wallpaper for floor. bedroom2 is in west with 15 square meters. bedroom3 has 12 squares in north. bedroom3 has Gray Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Black Ceramic_Tile. In addition, washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. washroom1 uses Earth_color Wall_Cloth for floor while wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. floor of washroom2 is Ceramics and Yellow, and has Wood_color Rock_Plate wall. Besides, balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 wall is White Rock_Plate as well as floor is Gray Painted_Wood. livingroom1 has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor, and wall is Black Wallpaper. livingroom1 is in center with 47 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 uses Earth_color Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is White Painted_Wood. kitchen1 is in north with 8 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has 6 squares in west. washroom1 floor is Red Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Pink Mosaic. Additionally, washroom2 has 6 squares in northeast. washroom2 floor is Wood_color Log, and wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick. study1 wall is White Coating as well as has Gray Mosaic floor. study1 is in northeast with 13 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 20 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 wall is Black Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Black Wallpaper. Besides, bedroom2 has Red Log floor while wall is Stone_Brick and Red. bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 is in center with 54 square meters. livingroom1 uses Black Quartz for floor, and has Gray Wallpaper wall. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Green as well as has Gray Wallpaper wall. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in southwest with 16 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Red Bamboo_Vine as well as floor is Ceramics and Earth_color. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramics and Red, and floor is Jade and Black. bedroom2 is in south with 12 square meters. washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Gray Coating as well as has Green Marble floor. In addition, balcony1 is in southeast with 3 square meters. balcony1 uses Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor while wall is Purple Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 wall is Purple Wallpaper, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Black. livingroom1 is in east with 29 square meters. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Black Cement_Board as well as wall is Orange Granite. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Red as well as floor is Marble and Earth_color. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. In addition, wall of bedroom1 is Quartz and White, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Orange. bedroom1 has 14 squares in south. Additionally, floor of bedroom2 is Ceramics and Gray as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Black. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in south. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Black, and uses Earth_color Wood_Grain for floor. livingroom1 has 21 squares in center. Besides, balcony1 has Red Granite wall as well as floor is Stone_Brick and Gray. balcony1 is in south with 4 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 floor is Red Wallpaper, and wall is Wall_Cloth and White. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Gray while uses Yellow Granite for floor. livingroom1 covers 23 square meters located in center. study1 is in northeast with 10 square meters. study1 floor is White Stone_Brick as well as has White Pure_Color_Wood wall. In addition, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in west. bedroom1 has White Mosaic floor while wall is Pink Coating. Additionally, kitchen1 floor is Orange Ceramic_Tile as well as has Black Wall_Cloth wall. kitchen1 has 5 squares in southeast. floor of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and White, and has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall. balcony1 has 4 squares in west. bedroom1, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1. washroom1 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. Additionally, washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. wall of washroom2 is Quartz and Gray as well as uses Blue Pure_Color_Wood for floor. livingroom1 has 30 squares in east. livingroom1 wall is Blue Pure_Color_Wood while has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor. Besides, study1 wall is Pink Wood_Veneer as well as has Orange Ceramic_Tile floor. study1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 has Black Jade wall while floor is Cement_Board and Pink. Additionally, bedroom2 has Red Quartz wall as well as floor is Pink Marble. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in south. kitchen1 wall is Red Wall_Cloth, and floor is Red Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 has 8 squares in north. wall of balcony1 is Coating and Green while floor is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. balcony1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2 and study1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 uses Green Log for floor as well as has Yellow Jade wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. floor of study1 is Cement_Board and Orange while wall is White Wall_Cloth. study1 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom1 has Orange Quartz floor as well as has Pink Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1 has 17 squares in south. In addition, bedroom2 has 13 squares in south. bedroom2 wall is Purple Marble while uses Yellow Granite for floor. Besides, livingroom1 has 20 squares in center. livingroom1 has Yellow Quartz wall, and has Gray Rock_Plate floor. kitchen1 uses Earth_color Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. kitchen1 covers 14 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to study1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 floor is Gray Granite as well as wall is Wood_color Wallpaper. In addition, bedroom2 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom2 has Blue Rock_Plate floor, and has White Jade wall. Besides, bedroom3 is in northeast with 12 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Cement_Board and Yellow while floor is Black Wallpaper. washroom1 floor is Wood_color Coating, and wall is Earth_color Stone_Brick. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom2 has 3 squares in north. washroom2 uses Yellow Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color. balcony1 has 6 squares in west. balcony1 uses Green Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Black Ceramic_Tile. balcony2 is in southeast with 4 square meters. balcony2 has Pink Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Gray Cement_Board. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 37 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Purple Rock_Plate, and uses Green Stone_Brick for floor. Moreover, kitchen1 has 5 squares in southeast. kitchen1 has Red Quartz floor while wall is Orange Marble. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, balcony2. washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color, and has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom1 uses Black Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Black Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom2 has Earth_color Log wall while floor is Granite and Red. livingroom1 has Green Wood_Veneer floor as well as wall is Coating and Gray. livingroom1 has 18 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. kitchen1 uses Black Ceramics for floor, and wall is Jade and Wood_color. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. In practice, washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Earth_color Wood_Grain, and floor is Purple Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 wall is White Stone_Brick as well as uses Earth_color Rock_Plate for floor. livingroom1 has 22 squares in center. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in north. bedroom1 wall is Wood_color Granite while has Wood_color Granite floor. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Orange as well as wall is Blue Wood_Grain. In addition, livingroom1 has White Wallpaper wall, and floor is White Log. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in west. Additionally, study1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. floor of study1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Black as well as wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 has Red Stone_Brick wall while uses Pink Quartz for floor. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 has 12 squares in south. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Earth_color Rock_Plate. kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Wall_Cloth, and uses Wood_color Mosaic for floor. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Moreover, floor of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and White while wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. washroom1 has Blue Quartz wall, and floor is Yellow Wood_Grain. Additionally, washroom2 has Gray Cement_Board floor while has Gray Rock_Plate wall. washroom2 has 2 squares in north. livingroom1 has Black Ceramic_Tile wall, and floor is Earth_color Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 covers 42 square meters located in center. Besides, closet1 has 3 squares in north. closet1 wall is Black Wallpaper as well as has Red Stone_Brick floor. study1 has 9 squares in east. study1 has Gray Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Orange Ceramics. Additionally, floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color as well as wall is Yellow Painted_Wood. bedroom1 has 14 squares in northwest. bedroom2 wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Blue Painted_Wood. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Black as well as floor is Yellow Wood_Veneer. balcony1 has Purple Wall_Cloth wall, and has Green Cement_Board floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, closet1. balcony1, closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, closet1, washroom2. study1 is next to washroom1. washroom2 and closet1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 floor is Purple Cement_Board, and wall is Blue Granite. bedroom1 is in northeast with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Earth_color while uses Blue Quartz for floor. bedroom2 has 9 squares in east. bedroom3 has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall, and uses Red Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom3 is in west with 7 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Coating and White while wall is Quartz and Red. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom2 floor is Green Mosaic, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Red. washroom2 is in north with 3 square meters. balcony1 has 4 squares in southeast. balcony1 floor is Orange Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Marble and Black. wall of livingroom1 is Quartz and Orange, and has White Quartz floor. livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in south. In addition, kitchen1 wall is Gray Quartz as well as floor is Blue Jade. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. House has three washrooms, two livingrooms, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Green Mosaic wall, and uses Purple Log for floor. In addition, wall of washroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color as well as uses Wood_color Painted_Wood for floor. washroom2 is in north with 2 square meters. washroom3 floor is Black Ceramics while wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. washroom3 is in center with 2 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Blue, and wall is Blue Wallpaper. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in south. Moreover, livingroom2 floor is Green Granite as well as has Red Mosaic wall. livingroom2 has 3 squares in center. study1 is in west with 7 square meters. study1 has White Wall_Cloth wall, and floor is Painted_Wood and Yellow. bedroom1 has Wood_color Quartz floor while wall is Purple Cement_Board. bedroom1 is in southeast with 15 square meters. bedroom2 uses Red Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Orange Granite. bedroom2 has 9 squares in northeast. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in center. bedroom3 wall is Orange Wall_Cloth, and uses White Jade for floor. In addition, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in west. wall of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Blue while has White Painted_Wood floor. balcony1 has Red Coating wall, and uses White Mosaic for floor. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in northwest. balcony2 is in south with 3 square meters. balcony2 wall is Pink Wallpaper as well as floor is Yellow Jade. bedroom1, bedroom3, study1, kitchen1, livingroom2, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, livingroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, livingroom2, washroom2, washroom3. study1, kitchen1 and balcony1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to study1, livingroom2, washroom2, washroom3. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1. washroom1 is next to livingroom2. washroom3 and livingroom2 are connected. washroom2 is next to washroom3. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow, and wall is Painted_Wood and Purple. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has Yellow Log wall as well as has Gray Ceramic_Tile floor. floor of washroom1 is Mosaic and Orange while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. washroom1 is in center with 5 square meters. balcony1 is in east with 3 square meters. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Wallpaper and White. wall of livingroom1 is Quartz and Purple, and floor is Quartz and Earth_color. livingroom1 covers 24 square meters located in west. floor of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Blue as well as wall is Earth_color Coating. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. To be specific, washroom1 is in northwest with 3 square meters. washroom1 floor is Orange Mosaic as well as has Purple Log wall. Additionally, livingroom1 has 25 squares in west. livingroom1 floor is White Marble while wall is Jade and Red. In addition, bedroom1 has 12 squares in east. floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Red, and wall is Yellow Mosaic. floor of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. bedroom2 is in east with 11 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Black Coating, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Orange. bedroom1 uses Green Wood_Veneer for floor while has Pink Painted_Wood wall. bedroom1 covers 20 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, bedroom2 is in northeast with 9 square meters. bedroom2 has Orange Ceramics floor as well as has Pink Quartz wall. Besides, floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Wood_color, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Black. livingroom1 has 23 squares in east. kitchen1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. kitchen1 has Pink Mosaic wall while floor is Wood_Grain and Green. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, one study, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 floor is Pink Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Yellow. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. In addition, washroom2 wall is Yellow Coating, and floor is Wood_color Quartz. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in north. Moreover, study1 covers 8 square meters located in north. study1 uses Wood_color Granite for floor as well as has Gray Jade wall. In addition, bedroom1 wall is Purple Wall_Cloth while floor is Painted_Wood and Purple. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 has 12 squares in south. bedroom2 has Red Cement_Board wall as well as uses Blue Wood_Grain for floor. wall of bedroom3 is Stone_Brick and Wood_color while uses Green Ceramics for floor. bedroom3 has 9 squares in northwest. Besides, livingroom1 is in east with 48 square meters. livingroom1 has Black Bamboo_Vine floor, and wall is Blue Stone_Brick. balcony1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Green while wall is White Stone_Brick. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. study1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one balcony. To be specific, floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Black. washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. bedroom1 uses Earth_color Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and Green. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in east. Additionally, bedroom2 has Green Coating floor while wall is Purple Granite. bedroom2 has 14 squares in north. Moreover, livingroom1 uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. livingroom1 is in west with 27 square meters. In addition, livingroom2 covers 5 square meters located in south. livingroom2 has Purple Stone_Brick wall as well as has White Wallpaper floor. balcony1 is in northwest with 5 square meters. balcony1 has Yellow Wallpaper wall while uses Red Wallpaper for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. livingroom2 is next to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 22 squares in east. wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Orange, and uses Orange Wall_Cloth for floor. bedroom2 is in west with 15 square meters. bedroom2 uses Purple Cement_Board for floor while wall is Purple Ceramic_Tile. bedroom3 floor is Gray Stone_Brick, and wall is Ceramics and Blue. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. washroom1 has 6 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Black Ceramics while has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor. Moreover, washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom2 wall is Orange Ceramics as well as uses Black Jade for floor. balcony1 wall is White Painted_Wood, and floor is Wood_color Cement_Board. balcony1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. livingroom1 has Yellow Log floor as well as has Pink Wallpaper wall. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine wall while floor is Red Mosaic. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is next to balcony1, kitchen1. washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, three washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Red, and wall is Ceramics and White. bedroom1 covers 22 square meters located in north. bedroom2 is in west with 14 square meters. bedroom2 uses Orange Bamboo_Vine for floor while has Green Ceramic_Tile wall. floor of bedroom3 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color, and wall is Purple Ceramic_Tile. bedroom3 covers 14 square meters located in east. Moreover, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Pink as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Yellow. Besides, washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. washroom2 uses Green Marble for floor while has Pink Painted_Wood wall. In addition, wall of washroom3 is Wallpaper and Green as well as floor is Gray Wood_Grain. washroom3 covers 3 square meters located in center. Additionally, balcony1 floor is Blue Mosaic, and wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. balcony1 has 8 squares in west. balcony2 has Black Wallpaper wall while uses Black Wood_Grain for floor. balcony2 has 4 squares in southeast. livingroom1 covers 44 square meters located in south. livingroom1 uses Pink Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Gray Cement_Board. kitchen1 has 7 squares in southeast. kitchen1 has Yellow Mosaic wall while has Blue Granite floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom1 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Mosaic and Red. bedroom2 uses Black Bamboo_Vine for floor, and has Gray Log wall. bedroom2 is in center with 11 square meters. Moreover, bedroom3 covers 7 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom3 is Coating and Orange while has Blue Cement_Board floor. Besides, washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Quartz and Wood_color as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and White. washroom2 is in southwest with 3 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Painted_Wood and Red, and floor is Purple Marble. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Purple while has Green Rock_Plate floor. balcony1 has 7 squares in northwest. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Quartz, and uses Pink Wood_Veneer for floor. livingroom1 has 32 squares in west. kitchen1 is in south with 9 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Yellow Granite while has Gray Mosaic wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3, washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in west with 14 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Jade and Black as well as has Blue Granite wall. In addition, bedroom2 has 14 squares in northeast. bedroom2 uses Yellow Log for floor while has Pink Stone_Brick wall. Moreover, washroom1 has 5 squares in center. washroom1 wall is Gray Ceramic_Tile as well as has White Rock_Plate floor. balcony1 floor is Pink Ceramics, and wall is Marble and Gray. balcony1 has 8 squares in southwest. livingroom1 has 27 squares in south. livingroom1 has Gray Ceramics floor while wall is Blue Log. kitchen1 has 6 squares in center. kitchen1 has Green Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Gray. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one study, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in west. washroom1 uses Black Marble for floor as well as wall is Green Marble. study1 is in northeast with 11 square meters. study1 wall is Yellow Granite, and has Orange Jade floor. bedroom1 wall is White Ceramics while uses Wood_color Stone_Brick for floor. bedroom1 has 15 squares in southwest. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Mosaic as well as has Blue Ceramics floor. bedroom2 has 15 squares in southeast. Additionally, bedroom3 has 12 squares in northwest. bedroom3 floor is Orange Wallpaper while wall is Blue Wood_Grain. livingroom1 floor is Gray Painted_Wood, and wall is Orange Cement_Board. livingroom1 covers 46 square meters located in center. In addition, balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall as well as floor is Purple Rock_Plate. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in southwest with 22 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Yellow Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood. bedroom2 is in south with 10 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Ceramics while uses White Mosaic for floor. washroom1 has Earth_color Granite floor, and has Gray Mosaic wall. washroom1 is in south with 3 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 is in south with 3 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Ceramics and Pink as well as wall is Pink Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 has Black Mosaic wall, and has Gray Wallpaper floor. balcony1 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. Besides, livingroom1 uses White Pure_Color_Wood for floor while wall is Granite and White. livingroom1 has 63 squares in center. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. floor of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and Purple as well as wall is Gray Granite. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom1 has Black Bamboo_Vine wall, and floor is Rock_Plate and Green. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Granite while has Pink Coating floor. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. storage1 is in east with 4 square meters. storage1 wall is Yellow Mosaic, and has Earth_color Granite floor. bedroom1 is in south with 18 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color as well as uses Green Cement_Board for floor. bedroom2 is in north with 10 square meters. bedroom2 has Yellow Log floor while has Orange Quartz wall. wall of bedroom3 is Marble and Purple as well as floor is White Wood_Grain. bedroom3 is in north with 8 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Purple while wall is Wood_color Ceramics. kitchen1 has 7 squares in northwest. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Wood_color as well as has Pink Wood_Veneer floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, storage1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3, storage1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. storage1 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in north. washroom1 has Blue Granite floor, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is White Log as well as has Green Ceramics wall. livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. wall of study1 is Rock_Plate and Orange while has Wood_color Painted_Wood floor. study1 covers 10 square meters located in southeast. In addition, bedroom1 is in northwest with 17 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Log and Blue as well as floor is Stone_Brick and Pink. bedroom2 has Blue Coating floor, and wall is Black Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 is in northeast with 13 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 wall is White Bamboo_Vine as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Green. kitchen1 is in east with 5 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 has White Granite floor, and wall is Wallpaper and Red. balcony1 is in west with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to kitchen1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in north with 18 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Red Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Ceramics and White. Moreover, bedroom2 has 13 squares in southeast. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Wall_Cloth while uses Gray Granite for floor. In addition, bedroom3 floor is Earth_color Rock_Plate, and wall is Jade and Yellow. bedroom3 has 8 squares in northwest. wall of washroom1 is Ceramics and Yellow as well as floor is Stone_Brick and Orange. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. balcony1 is in east with 7 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Wood_color while wall is Pink Wallpaper. Besides, livingroom1 has 34 squares in center. livingroom1 has Red Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Blue. kitchen1 floor is Green Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Black Marble. kitchen1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom1 has White Quartz wall, and floor is Blue Wall_Cloth. wall of bedroom2 is Marble and Pink while uses Wood_color Stone_Brick for floor. bedroom2 has 11 squares in north. Additionally, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 wall is White Wood_Grain, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color. balcony1 has Gray Marble wall as well as floor is Cement_Board and Black. balcony1 has 4 squares in south. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 26 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Green, and floor is Pink Coating. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow while has Gray Wall_Cloth wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 floor is Orange Coating as well as wall is Ceramics and Gray. bedroom1 is in southeast with 21 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 has 13 squares in west. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Black, and floor is Black Coating. Moreover, washroom1 floor is Earth_color Stone_Brick while has White Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom1 has 6 squares in east. Besides, wall of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow, and uses White Wall_Cloth for floor. balcony1 covers 9 square meters located in south. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Black Stone_Brick as well as wall is Mosaic and Wood_color. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. Moreover, kitchen1 has 9 squares in northeast. floor of kitchen1 is Granite and Black, and has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 12 squares in east. bedroom1 floor is Red Ceramic_Tile as well as has White Wallpaper wall. wall of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Orange while floor is Earth_color Stone_Brick. bedroom2 is in west with 12 square meters. In addition, washroom1 has White Ceramics wall, and floor is Wood_color Marble. washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Pink as well as uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor. balcony1 has 3 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Orange while has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall. kitchen1 uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. kitchen1 is in east with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has four bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 65 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 uses Orange Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Earth_color Stone_Brick. bedroom2 is in northwest with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Black while has Purple Marble floor. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in west. floor of bedroom3 is Mosaic and Green as well as has Black Rock_Plate wall. Additionally, bedroom4 covers 10 square meters located in southeast. bedroom4 uses Purple Mosaic for floor while has Green Wood_Veneer wall. washroom1 floor is Green Cement_Board, and has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. washroom2 uses Earth_color Granite for floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Gray. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. In addition, wall of balcony1 is Granite and Yellow as well as floor is Orange Wallpaper. balcony1 has 8 squares in south. Besides, livingroom1 has Gray Ceramic_Tile floor, and wall is Purple Granite. livingroom1 is in center with 65 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Yellow while floor is Coating and Purple. kitchen1 is in north with 10 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, bedroom4, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, bedroom4, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Red Cement_Board wall as well as has Wood_color Wallpaper floor. bedroom1 has 19 squares in southwest. bedroom2 is in northwest with 16 square meters. bedroom2 uses Purple Jade for floor, and wall is Black Stone_Brick. Moreover, bedroom3 is in south with 11 square meters. bedroom3 uses Purple Quartz for floor while wall is Log and Red. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. washroom1 uses Black Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Blue Wall_Cloth. washroom2 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom2 has Earth_color Marble wall while uses Purple Cement_Board for floor. Additionally, wall of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and White, and has Pink Wallpaper floor. balcony1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 has 43 squares in east. livingroom1 has White Mosaic floor as well as wall is Red Cement_Board. kitchen1 wall is Blue Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Blue Log. kitchen1 has 14 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 wall is Green Mosaic as well as floor is Jade and Red. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. livingroom1 has White Mosaic wall, and uses Yellow Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom1 has 10 squares in southeast. bedroom1 has Gray Stone_Brick floor while wall is Green Coating. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 floor is Purple Rock_Plate as well as wall is Mosaic and Wood_color. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Coating while wall is Log and Pink. livingroom1 is in center with 33 square meters. Additionally, floor of study1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color, and has Green Bamboo_Vine wall. study1 covers 8 square meters located in west. bedroom1 is in south with 14 square meters. bedroom1 has Earth_color Granite wall as well as uses Black Pure_Color_Wood for floor. In addition, bedroom2 has 13 squares in northwest. bedroom2 has Black Marble floor, and wall is Granite and Earth_color. kitchen1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Orange Wood_Grain as well as floor is Coating and Black. Additionally, balcony1 floor is Gray Coating while wall is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. study1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to study1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one bedroom, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red, and floor is Wood_Grain and Pink. bedroom1 is in south with 11 square meters. washroom1 has 5 squares in southwest. floor of washroom1 is Coating and Yellow as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. balcony1 covers 12 square meters located in north. balcony1 floor is White Granite, and has Green Coating wall. In addition, wall of balcony2 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color while uses Earth_color Marble for floor. balcony2 is in north with 5 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. livingroom1 has Blue Wood_Veneer floor as well as wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in center. floor of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and White, and has Orange Log wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom1, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony2. kitchen1 and balcony1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one corridor, three bedrooms, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Orange Quartz as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. Additionally, livingroom1 is in west with 15 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Pink Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Stone_Brick and Purple. study1 covers 4 square meters located in west. study1 has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall while floor is Painted_Wood and White. corridor1 covers 1 square meters located in center. corridor1 floor is Earth_color Stone_Brick as well as has Pink Rock_Plate wall. bedroom1 has 11 squares in southeast. bedroom1 wall is Gray Stone_Brick while has Purple Rock_Plate floor. In addition, bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Green, and wall is White Cement_Board. bedroom3 has 7 squares in south. bedroom3 has Yellow Ceramic_Tile wall while uses Black Painted_Wood for floor. Additionally, balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. wall of balcony1 is Log and Orange, and has Yellow Bamboo_Vine floor. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, study1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, corridor1. washroom1, corridor1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to study1. Building layout contains one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Blue as well as has Black Ceramics wall. bedroom1 has 14 squares in center. washroom1 is in east with 3 square meters. washroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Veneer floor while has Red Jade wall. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Black as well as uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor. balcony1 has 7 squares in west. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Earth_color while wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. livingroom1 has 18 squares in east. Additionally, kitchen1 has White Wall_Cloth floor, and has Gray Stone_Brick wall. kitchen1 is in east with 3 square meters. bedroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 wall is Gray Rock_Plate, and uses Red Mosaic for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. In addition, livingroom1 uses Red Wood_Veneer for floor as well as has White Mosaic wall. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in west. bedroom1 has 16 squares in east. bedroom1 has Pink Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in east with 15 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Orange Stone_Brick, and floor is Orange Wood_Grain. Moreover, bedroom2 has Blue Wallpaper floor as well as wall is Red Mosaic. bedroom2 is in west with 14 square meters. Additionally, bedroom3 has Green Rock_Plate wall while floor is Purple Quartz. bedroom3 has 14 squares in east. In addition, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in center. wall of washroom1 is Coating and Orange, and uses White Wood_Veneer for floor. Moreover, balcony1 is in east with 5 square meters. balcony1 uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick. livingroom1 is in center with 37 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Green, and floor is Blue Cement_Board. kitchen1 wall is Gray Rock_Plate while uses Yellow Stone_Brick for floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom3, washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, balcony1. The building contains two bedrooms, one study, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 floor is Red Wood_Veneer, and wall is Wood_color Quartz. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has 11 squares in north. bedroom2 uses Yellow Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Green. wall of study1 is Wall_Cloth and Blue as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color. study1 is in east with 8 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Black while wall is White Log. balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Green Granite, and uses Green Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 is in south with 35 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 has 8 squares in east. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow while floor is Earth_color Mosaic. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in center. washroom1 wall is Purple Granite as well as has Red Rock_Plate floor. Additionally, bedroom1 has Purple Quartz floor while wall is Green Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 is in west with 16 square meters. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom2 is Ceramics and Blue, and wall is Painted_Wood and Gray. livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Red Coating for floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Red. In addition, wall of kitchen1 is Marble and Pink, and uses White Ceramics for floor. kitchen1 is in east with 11 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. wall of washroom1 is Quartz and Purple, and uses Blue Cement_Board for floor. livingroom1 is in east with 38 square meters. livingroom1 has Black Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood. Additionally, bedroom1 has Wood_color Marble floor while wall is Log and Purple. bedroom1 has 19 squares in west. bedroom2 has 10 squares in center. bedroom2 wall is Blue Marble as well as uses Purple Ceramic_Tile for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall as well as uses Green Jade for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. In addition, washroom2 has 5 squares in west. wall of washroom2 is Cement_Board and Yellow while has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor. livingroom1 is in center with 49 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and Black, and has Purple Painted_Wood wall. storage1 has Purple Marble floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Black. storage1 covers 8 square meters located in north. Besides, bedroom1 has Pink Mosaic wall, and floor is White Painted_Wood. bedroom1 has 22 squares in southwest. bedroom2 has White Wood_Grain floor while wall is Orange Wood_Grain. bedroom2 is in northwest with 11 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Green Painted_Wood, and wall is Ceramics and Red. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 has Yellow Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Red Cement_Board. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. balcony2 has 6 squares in northeast. wall of balcony2 is Granite and Green, and has Green Wood_Grain floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, storage1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to storage1, washroom2. kitchen1, balcony2 and storage1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. washroom1 has White Coating wall, and has Wood_color Ceramics floor. washroom2 is in northeast with 3 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Log and Wood_color while has White Log wall. In addition, floor of bedroom1 is Coating and Purple as well as has Earth_color Granite wall. bedroom1 is in east with 13 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 is in west with 31 square meters. livingroom1 uses White Mosaic for floor, and wall is Marble and Gray. Besides, balcony1 uses Red Quartz for floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Black. balcony1 is in south with 4 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Quartz and Red, and has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1 is in east with 15 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 has Pink Wallpaper floor as well as wall is Green Ceramic_Tile. bedroom2 has 11 squares in center. Moreover, bedroom3 has 11 squares in northwest. bedroom3 has Orange Coating floor, and wall is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood. In addition, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Green Bamboo_Vine as well as uses Gray Painted_Wood for floor. floor of washroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow while has Gray Painted_Wood wall. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. Besides, balcony1 is in east with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Orange Cement_Board wall, and floor is Gray Ceramics. In addition, livingroom1 has 39 squares in center. livingroom1 has Blue Ceramics floor while wall is Red Marble. Besides, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 floor is Gray Log as well as wall is Gray Quartz. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Coating and Yellow, and floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick. washroom1 is in center with 6 square meters. livingroom1 has 21 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Blue while floor is Granite and Gray. In addition, bedroom1 has Red Log floor as well as wall is Blue Mosaic. bedroom1 is in east with 13 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Purple Cement_Board while floor is Cement_Board and Gray. bedroom2 is in west with 12 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom1 has Gray Wall_Cloth wall as well as uses Pink Stone_Brick for floor. In addition, bedroom2 uses Earth_color Ceramic_Tile for floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Gray. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. Besides, bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom3 wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Black Pure_Color_Wood. washroom1 uses White Granite for floor, and has Gray Mosaic wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. In addition, balcony1 has 2 squares in north. balcony1 wall is Purple Bamboo_Vine while floor is Coating and Gray. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Log and Yellow, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Blue Ceramics as well as wall is White Cement_Board. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Earth_color Marble floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Black. bedroom1 covers 46 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom2 is Log and Yellow as well as has White Ceramics floor. bedroom2 has 8 squares in north. Additionally, wall of bedroom3 is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray, and uses Wood_color Quartz for floor. bedroom3 has 7 squares in east. wall of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red as well as uses White Granite for floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in center. washroom2 floor is Purple Wallpaper while wall is Earth_color Cement_Board. washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. balcony1 is in northwest with 5 square meters. balcony1 wall is Gray Wall_Cloth, and has Purple Marble floor. In addition, livingroom1 covers 46 square meters located in west. livingroom1 floor is Pink Cement_Board as well as wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 has Pink Log floor while wall is Blue Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two livingrooms, one study, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 6 squares in north. washroom1 uses Red Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Log and Green. livingroom1 uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor while wall is Pink Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 is in center with 27 square meters. livingroom2 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. livingroom2 has Yellow Ceramic_Tile wall as well as uses Blue Cement_Board for floor. In addition, study1 wall is Yellow Rock_Plate, and floor is Black Wood_Veneer. study1 covers 12 square meters located in west. Besides, corridor1 floor is Green Wood_Grain as well as wall is Yellow Jade. corridor1 has 4 squares in north. bedroom1 uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor while has Red Marble wall. bedroom1 has 14 squares in northeast. In addition, bedroom2 is in northwest with 14 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and White as well as floor is Purple Rock_Plate. kitchen1 wall is Black Log, and uses White Stone_Brick for floor. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. Moreover, balcony1 is in east with 5 square meters. balcony1 floor is Red Cement_Board as well as wall is Coating and Wood_color. bedroom1, study1, livingroom2, kitchen1, corridor1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, corridor1, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to study1, washroom1, corridor1. livingroom2 and study1 are connected. livingroom2 is next to kitchen1. washroom1 is adjacent to corridor1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 wall is Pink Wall_Cloth, and floor is Yellow Log. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. wall of washroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Red while uses Earth_color Wood_Grain for floor. washroom2 has 3 squares in north. livingroom1 uses White Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Gray Mosaic. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in center. study1 wall is Gray Mosaic while floor is Yellow Wall_Cloth. study1 covers 6 square meters located in east. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Granite as well as wall is Marble and White. In addition, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in center. bedroom2 has Blue Ceramics floor while wall is Orange Ceramics. Moreover, floor of bedroom3 is Painted_Wood and Orange as well as has Earth_color Wallpaper wall. bedroom3 is in northeast with 8 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 uses Earth_color Wall_Cloth for floor while wall is Log and Red. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. floor of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Earth_color, and has Blue Stone_Brick wall. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, study1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. kitchen1, study1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2. study1 is next to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in east. bedroom1 floor is Orange Wood_Veneer, and wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood. In addition, bedroom2 has 13 squares in northwest. bedroom2 wall is Pink Rock_Plate while uses Wood_color Ceramic_Tile for floor. Additionally, bedroom3 is in southwest with 7 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Green Rock_Plate as well as has Yellow Ceramics floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Yellow Granite while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and White. balcony1 has Orange Quartz floor as well as has Gray Painted_Wood wall. balcony1 is in southeast with 9 square meters. livingroom1 has 34 squares in south. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Purple while wall is Green Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 has Earth_color Log wall, and floor is Wallpaper and Purple. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Red Wood_Grain floor as well as has Green Painted_Wood wall. bedroom1 has 16 squares in northeast. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 wall is Yellow Rock_Plate, and uses Blue Quartz for floor. In addition, washroom1 has 5 squares in east. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Pink as well as uses Green Log for floor. Moreover, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in north. floor of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Red, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Blue. livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Gray Wall_Cloth while has Orange Mosaic floor. Besides, kitchen1 has 5 squares in southeast. kitchen1 floor is Green Ceramics, and has Orange Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 uses Green Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Purple Painted_Wood. bedroom1 has 11 squares in west. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Yellow while has Wood_color Quartz floor. livingroom1 floor is Gray Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Red Quartz. livingroom1 is in center with 16 square meters. kitchen1 has Green Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Pink Ceramics. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Green Wallpaper, and uses Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and Red while uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom2 has 12 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Earth_color Granite, and uses Earth_color Wood_Veneer for floor. washroom1 has 3 squares in west. balcony1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. balcony1 has Yellow Painted_Wood wall as well as uses Red Stone_Brick for floor. livingroom1 covers 26 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Yellow Marble wall while has Black Mosaic floor. Moreover, kitchen1 floor is Red Quartz as well as wall is Gray Cement_Board. kitchen1 is in west with 7 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 16 squares in southeast. wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink, and uses Pink Log for floor. bedroom2 wall is Black Wood_Veneer while floor is Pink Marble. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 has Purple Marble wall, and uses Black Marble for floor. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. wall of washroom1 is Coating and Red as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. washroom1 has 6 squares in east. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. washroom2 wall is Wood_color Wallpaper while uses White Wall_Cloth for floor. In addition, wall of balcony1 is Marble and Purple, and uses Green Jade for floor. balcony1 has 5 squares in south. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 38 square meters. livingroom1 wall is White Coating as well as has Red Pure_Color_Wood floor. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and White while wall is Quartz and Blue. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in west with 17 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Orange as well as uses Pink Jade for floor. Additionally, bedroom2 is in east with 10 square meters. bedroom2 uses Purple Cement_Board for floor while wall is Granite and Gray. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in center. washroom1 has White Wallpaper floor, and wall is Orange Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 uses Purple Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Purple. balcony1 has 5 squares in west. wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Wood_color while uses Black Stone_Brick for floor. livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in center. Moreover, kitchen1 is in east with 4 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Gray Stone_Brick as well as floor is Red Wood_Grain. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1, kitchen1. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 13 squares in northwest. floor of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Yellow, and wall is Rock_Plate and Red. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has Wood_color Wood_Grain floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Black. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. floor of washroom1 is Granite and Yellow as well as has Orange Wall_Cloth wall. In addition, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony1 has Red Coating floor while wall is Jade and Green. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 22 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Quartz as well as wall is White Coating. In addition, kitchen1 has Earth_color Mosaic wall while uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Black, and has Wood_color Ceramics wall. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in east. bedroom2 is in west with 13 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood as well as has Purple Wallpaper floor. bedroom3 covers 7 square meters located in center. bedroom3 has Wood_color Mosaic floor while wall is Blue Ceramic_Tile. wall of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Orange, and floor is Purple Bamboo_Vine. washroom1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. Moreover, balcony1 has Purple Jade wall while floor is Jade and Green. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 25 square meters. livingroom1 wall is White Cement_Board as well as floor is Gray Granite. kitchen1 has 4 squares in east. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Blue while uses Green Mosaic for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. bedroom3 is next to balcony1. kitchen1 and balcony1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one study, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 has Wood_color Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Granite and Gray. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom2 floor is Purple Wall_Cloth while has Wood_color Wallpaper wall. study1 has Blue Quartz wall as well as uses Black Ceramics for floor. study1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. bedroom1 uses Pink Jade for floor, and wall is Wood_color Marble. bedroom1 is in southeast with 17 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 has 13 squares in southwest. bedroom2 has Earth_color Ceramics floor while wall is Wood_Grain and Purple. bedroom3 has Red Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Wallpaper and Blue. bedroom3 is in northeast with 12 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 has 45 squares in center. livingroom1 has Orange Granite wall while uses Gray Painted_Wood for floor. balcony1 is in south with 10 square meters. balcony1 has Purple Cement_Board floor as well as wall is Red Cement_Board. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, study1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. washroom1 floor is Yellow Wood_Veneer, and wall is White Mosaic. bedroom1 floor is Green Quartz while has Yellow Coating wall. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Granite, and floor is Gray Stone_Brick. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Purple Mosaic while uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor. livingroom1 has 18 squares in center. kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. kitchen1 has Blue Painted_Wood floor as well as has Orange Rock_Plate wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Orange Cement_Board wall, and floor is Coating and Pink. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 15 square meters located in south. bedroom2 has White Coating wall while has Earth_color Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom3 has Yellow Jade wall, and floor is Rock_Plate and Pink. bedroom3 has 11 squares in west. Besides, washroom1 has 6 squares in north. floor of washroom1 is Granite and Purple while wall is Gray Jade. wall of washroom2 is Wood_Grain and Orange as well as has Red Wallpaper floor. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony1 wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine, and has Gray Ceramics floor. balcony1 is in southeast with 13 square meters. livingroom1 has Purple Rock_Plate wall as well as has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor. livingroom1 is in center with 45 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Blue while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has three bedrooms, three washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Jade, and floor is Gray Jade. bedroom2 has 15 squares in south. bedroom2 floor is Purple Wallpaper as well as has Green Granite wall. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 floor is Purple Jade, and wall is Red Ceramic_Tile. Moreover, washroom1 floor is Black Jade while has Gray Granite wall. washroom1 is in east with 6 square meters. In addition, washroom2 uses Gray Ceramics for floor, and has Green Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in north. Additionally, wall of washroom3 is Quartz and Yellow as well as uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor. washroom3 covers 3 square meters located in center. balcony1 has 5 squares in south. floor of balcony1 is Wallpaper and Blue, and wall is Blue Stone_Brick. In addition, livingroom1 has Red Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Yellow. livingroom1 is in center with 45 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Blue Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood. kitchen1 is in northwest with 10 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 is in southwest with 3 square meters. washroom1 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Gray Quartz. washroom2 wall is Green Log as well as uses Earth_color Wood_Grain for floor. washroom2 has 1 squares in west. livingroom1 is in east with 30 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Log and Yellow, and wall is Wallpaper and Earth_color. Moreover, study1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. study1 has Green Bamboo_Vine wall as well as floor is Earth_color Quartz. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. floor of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Blue while wall is Stone_Brick and Purple. Additionally, bedroom2 has 10 squares in north. bedroom2 floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Black Ceramics. kitchen1 has Wood_color Cement_Board floor, and wall is White Cement_Board. kitchen1 has 4 squares in south. balcony1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. balcony1 floor is Blue Wood_Veneer while wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. wall of washroom1 is Coating and Blue as well as floor is Painted_Wood and White. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange while floor is White Jade. livingroom1 is in south with 33 square meters. closet1 wall is Wood_color Wallpaper, and has Earth_color Wood_Grain floor. closet1 has 3 squares in east. bedroom1 has Pink Marble wall while floor is Rock_Plate and Yellow. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in north. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. floor of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Earth_color as well as has Black Wood_Veneer wall. kitchen1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Black while has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. balcony1 is in north with 4 square meters. balcony1 has Red Wood_Grain wall as well as uses Yellow Mosaic for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, closet1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. balcony1, closet1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. closet1 and washroom1 are connected. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink as well as uses Red Ceramics for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in east. wall of washroom2 is Jade and Purple while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Purple. livingroom1 wall is Black Wood_Grain, and has Pink Wallpaper floor. livingroom1 is in center with 46 square meters. In addition, study1 has 10 squares in north. study1 floor is Pink Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Green Wall_Cloth. bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate while has Wood_color Log floor. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in southeast. Besides, wall of bedroom2 is Granite and White, and floor is Granite and Gray. bedroom2 is in northeast with 12 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 has 7 squares in northwest. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Purple while has Red Ceramic_Tile floor. balcony1 has 8 squares in south. balcony1 wall is White Stone_Brick, and uses Black Quartz for floor. balcony2 has 3 squares in northwest. balcony2 uses Black Quartz for floor as well as has Orange Ceramics wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom2. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Ceramics and Wood_color as well as uses Pink Marble for floor. washroom2 has 3 squares in east. washroom2 has Purple Cement_Board wall while has Green Painted_Wood floor. bedroom1 is in northeast with 15 square meters. bedroom1 has Black Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Orange Log. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Black Ceramic_Tile as well as has Green Cement_Board floor. bedroom2 is in southeast with 10 square meters. livingroom1 covers 49 square meters located in west. livingroom1 floor is Orange Jade, and wall is Black Rock_Plate. Besides, kitchen1 is in south with 8 square meters. kitchen1 has Black Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Granite and Pink. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in east. washroom1 floor is Red Ceramic_Tile as well as has Earth_color Wallpaper wall. Additionally, washroom2 wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood while uses Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor. washroom2 is in north with 5 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 51 square meters. livingroom1 uses Purple Jade for floor, and wall is Jade and Red. Besides, closet1 wall is Earth_color Wallpaper while has Blue Wood_Grain floor. closet1 is in northeast with 10 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Pink as well as has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom1 has 20 squares in northwest. In addition, bedroom2 is in center with 12 square meters. bedroom2 uses Green Quartz for floor, and wall is Orange Ceramics. bedroom3 wall is Gray Ceramic_Tile as well as has Yellow Mosaic floor. bedroom3 has 11 squares in northeast. Moreover, kitchen1 has Orange Quartz floor while has Red Stone_Brick wall. kitchen1 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. Additionally, wall of balcony1 is Coating and White as well as has Wood_color Wall_Cloth floor. balcony1 covers 16 square meters located in west. balcony2 is in southeast with 5 square meters. wall of balcony2 is Ceramics and Purple, and uses Wood_color Wood_Veneer for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, kitchen1, bedroom2, bedroom3, closet1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom2, washroom2. balcony1 is adjacent to bedroom2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to closet1, washroom1. washroom2 and closet1 are connected. House has one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 wall is Red Ceramic_Tile as well as uses Green Wood_Grain for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 wall is Pink Rock_Plate, and floor is Black Jade. bedroom1 has 11 squares in northeast. In addition, bedroom2 is in center with 9 square meters. bedroom2 has White Granite floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Yellow. Moreover, bedroom3 uses Yellow Log for floor while wall is Green Rock_Plate. bedroom3 has 6 squares in east. livingroom1 floor is Red Coating, and wall is Granite and Black. livingroom1 covers 26 square meters located in west. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in south. kitchen1 has White Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Black. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in north with 12 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Wall_Cloth, and wall is Black Mosaic. bedroom2 wall is Pink Coating as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Pink. bedroom2 has 6 squares in center. washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Jade and Red, and floor is Green Painted_Wood. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 wall is Green Wood_Veneer while floor is Pink Cement_Board. livingroom1 uses Purple Granite for floor, and wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 has 22 squares in southeast. kitchen1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. kitchen1 has Earth_color Log wall as well as has Pink Mosaic floor. bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 wall is Red Quartz, and floor is Wallpaper and Gray. livingroom1 has Red Mosaic wall while has Black Ceramics floor. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. balcony1 floor is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Quartz and Pink. balcony1 has 2 squares in west. washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Granite and Purple, and uses Red Wallpaper for floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in southwest. Moreover, washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in southeast. washroom2 wall is Earth_color Ceramics as well as has Black Ceramics floor. livingroom1 covers 23 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Quartz and Wood_color. Besides, bedroom1 has Yellow Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 uses Pink Mosaic for floor, and has Gray Marble wall. washroom1 is in southeast with 2 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. livingroom1 has Purple Coating floor as well as has Blue Wallpaper wall. Besides, bedroom1 has Pink Quartz wall, and uses White Ceramics for floor. bedroom1 has 9 squares in southwest. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Orange as well as has Yellow Bamboo_Vine floor. bedroom1 has 15 squares in southwest. bedroom2 has Orange Bamboo_Vine wall while floor is Black Quartz. bedroom2 is in northeast with 11 square meters. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom1 wall is Yellow Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Orange Jade. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 uses Red Ceramics for floor as well as wall is Marble and Black. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Gray while floor is Painted_Wood and Yellow. livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. In addition, kitchen1 has Earth_color Marble floor, and wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood. kitchen1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 is in east with 6 square meters. washroom1 wall is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine as well as uses Pink Jade for floor. Additionally, bedroom1 uses Black Stone_Brick for floor, and has Orange Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom1 has 12 squares in west. Besides, bedroom2 uses Purple Ceramics for floor while has Orange Coating wall. bedroom2 has 12 squares in center. livingroom1 is in south with 18 square meters. livingroom1 has Earth_color Marble wall, and floor is Green Wood_Veneer. In addition, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony1 floor is White Painted_Wood as well as wall is Blue Coating. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 has 3 squares in southeast. washroom1 floor is Orange Jade, and has Red Rock_Plate wall. livingroom1 has 17 squares in west. livingroom1 has Green Wallpaper floor while wall is Stone_Brick and Pink. bedroom1 wall is White Wall_Cloth, and floor is Wood_Grain and Gray. bedroom1 covers 9 square meters located in east. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Veneer floor as well as has Earth_color Cement_Board wall. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall, and has Gray Wood_Grain floor. bedroom2 has 13 squares in southwest. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 has Orange Wood_Grain floor while wall is Quartz and Wood_color. In addition, washroom1 wall is Purple Painted_Wood, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. Besides, washroom2 has 4 squares in north. washroom2 wall is Red Rock_Plate as well as floor is Red Quartz. balcony1 wall is Purple Wallpaper, and floor is Red Coating. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. livingroom1 uses Yellow Jade for floor as well as wall is Earth_color Coating. livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in center. floor of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Gray while wall is Painted_Wood and Purple. kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, and three bedrooms. In practice, washroom1 has Purple Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Black Wall_Cloth. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in center. In addition, washroom2 has 4 squares in east. washroom2 wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Ceramics and Gray. livingroom1 has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor, and wall is Purple Marble. livingroom1 is in west with 47 square meters. Additionally, bedroom1 has 12 squares in northeast. bedroom1 uses Red Ceramic_Tile for floor while wall is Black Coating. bedroom2 has 10 squares in north. bedroom2 floor is Green Pure_Color_Wood, and has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall. Besides, bedroom3 has 7 squares in center. bedroom3 floor is Earth_color Marble as well as wall is Wood_color Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in west with 16 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Log and Green, and wall is Coating and Blue. Additionally, bedroom2 has Purple Jade wall as well as floor is Mosaic and Red. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 covers 8 square meters located in west. washroom1 floor is Earth_color Wood_Veneer, and wall is Orange Wall_Cloth. Besides, wall of balcony1 is Coating and Purple as well as floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. Moreover, livingroom1 is in east with 24 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Red while uses Black Bamboo_Vine for floor. Additionally, livingroom2 has 12 squares in north. livingroom2 has Red Marble wall as well as has Yellow Stone_Brick floor. Moreover, kitchen1 has 8 squares in northwest. kitchen1 wall is Yellow Painted_Wood, and floor is Log and Wood_color. bedroom1, livingroom2, bedroom2, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to livingroom2, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom2 are connected. washroom1 is next to kitchen1. House has four bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Orange, and uses White Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 has Wood_color Ceramics wall while has Orange Rock_Plate floor. bedroom3 has 9 squares in southeast. bedroom3 uses Wood_color Wood_Veneer for floor, and has Blue Jade wall. Moreover, bedroom4 has 9 squares in northeast. bedroom4 floor is Yellow Wood_Grain while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color. In addition, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 uses Gray Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Earth_color Ceramics. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. floor of washroom2 is Wallpaper and Black as well as wall is Orange Stone_Brick. Moreover, wall of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Blue while floor is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 is in west with 11 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Orange Ceramics, and wall is Green Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 has 39 squares in center. Additionally, wall of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and Orange while floor is Wallpaper and Pink. kitchen1 is in east with 8 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, bedroom4, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. bedroom4 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom2. washroom1 is next to washroom2. House has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in west. bedroom1 uses Purple Mosaic for floor as well as has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall. Additionally, floor of washroom1 is Coating and Earth_color, and wall is Coating and Yellow. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. balcony1 has Pink Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Purple Quartz. balcony1 is in west with 6 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Cement_Board, and uses Orange Stone_Brick for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 41 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. kitchen1 has Gray Wood_Grain wall while floor is Mosaic and Orange. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Green Ceramics as well as uses Wood_color Wood_Grain for floor. livingroom1 covers 39 square meters located in east. livingroom1 has Blue Coating floor, and wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. Additionally, storage1 has 2 squares in north. storage1 has Blue Cement_Board floor while has Green Bamboo_Vine wall. Besides, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in west. bedroom1 wall is Black Marble, and has Black Mosaic floor. bedroom2 floor is White Marble while wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in center. wall of bedroom3 is Wall_Cloth and Red, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange. bedroom3 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, kitchen1 floor is Yellow Rock_Plate while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Black. kitchen1 has 8 squares in north. Besides, balcony1 covers 13 square meters located in south. balcony1 uses Blue Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1, storage1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, storage1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 is next to storage1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Purple Granite wall as well as floor is Yellow Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in southeast. In addition, bedroom2 uses Yellow Log for floor, and wall is Jade and White. bedroom2 has 12 squares in southwest. bedroom3 has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. Besides, washroom1 has Gray Rock_Plate floor, and wall is Red Painted_Wood. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 uses Black Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Blue. washroom2 has 4 squares in northeast. Besides, balcony1 is in south with 8 square meters. balcony1 wall is Purple Log while uses Orange Coating for floor. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Purple as well as floor is Mosaic and Wood_color. livingroom1 is in center with 45 square meters. Besides, floor of kitchen1 is Log and Wood_color while wall is Wood_color Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 is in northwest with 9 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, floor of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Orange, and wall is Quartz and Orange. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in south. bedroom1 wall is Black Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Red Quartz. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and White, and floor is Stone_Brick and Red. bedroom2 has 14 squares in southeast. bedroom3 uses Green Pure_Color_Wood for floor while wall is Jade and Pink. bedroom3 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, livingroom1 has 45 squares in center. livingroom1 has White Wood_Veneer wall, and has Purple Ceramic_Tile floor. In addition, balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in south. balcony1 uses Pink Wood_Veneer for floor while wall is Green Painted_Wood. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. The house plan has three washrooms, one livingroom, one study, one storage, three bedrooms, and one balcony. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Purple. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in south. Additionally, washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. washroom2 floor is White Painted_Wood while has Wood_color Log wall. washroom3 is in center with 2 square meters. washroom3 has White Bamboo_Vine wall, and floor is Red Wall_Cloth. floor of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Earth_color as well as has Pink Granite wall. livingroom1 has 35 squares in west. wall of study1 is Granite and Pink, and floor is Orange Ceramics. study1 is in north with 7 square meters. storage1 floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood while wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood. storage1 covers 3 square meters located in east. bedroom1 has Gray Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Yellow Ceramics. bedroom1 is in east with 13 square meters. bedroom2 is in center with 10 square meters. bedroom2 has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor while wall is Marble and Blue. In addition, bedroom3 floor is Pink Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Green. bedroom3 is in north with 8 square meters. Moreover, balcony1 has Black Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Earth_color Granite. balcony1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, storage1, washroom3. washroom1, washroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to study1. storage1 and study1 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom3. washroom2 is adjacent to storage1. The building contains two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in east. floor of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Earth_color as well as wall is Log and Gray. Additionally, washroom2 has 2 squares in east. washroom2 wall is Pink Rock_Plate while floor is Green Wallpaper. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Yellow, and uses Red Wood_Grain for floor. bedroom2 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and White. bedroom2 has 4 squares in center. Besides, livingroom1 has Blue Painted_Wood floor, and has Pink Wallpaper wall. livingroom1 has 17 squares in center. kitchen1 is in east with 5 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Red Ceramic_Tile while wall is Earth_color Coating. bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains one washroom, one study, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Quartz and Yellow as well as uses Blue Ceramic_Tile for floor. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. In addition, study1 is in northwest with 10 square meters. study1 wall is Pink Ceramics while has Gray Wallpaper floor. Besides, bedroom1 is in south with 11 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Orange Wood_Grain as well as floor is Red Granite. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 34 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Black Marble while floor is Granite and Pink. balcony1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Mosaic and Orange as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, balcony1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 floor is Yellow Bamboo_Vine as well as has Yellow Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 uses Orange Ceramic_Tile for floor, and has Yellow Quartz wall. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, bedroom2 has Earth_color Coating wall as well as floor is Stone_Brick and Yellow. bedroom2 has 15 squares in southeast. livingroom1 has Earth_color Marble floor while wall is Pink Coating. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. In addition, kitchen1 floor is White Jade as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. kitchen1 has 8 squares in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Red, and has Orange Jade wall. bedroom1 has 11 squares in southeast. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 wall is Orange Wall_Cloth while floor is Yellow Ceramics. washroom1 has Orange Ceramics floor, and wall is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. In addition, balcony1 has Black Wall_Cloth floor while wall is Red Mosaic. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in north. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Purple as well as has Blue Granite wall. livingroom1 is in south with 25 square meters. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Rock_Plate and Yellow while floor is Yellow Log. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has Green Cement_Board wall, and uses Earth_color Coating for floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. bedroom1 wall is Purple Jade as well as uses Black Quartz for floor. bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in southwest. wall of bedroom2 is Granite and Orange, and floor is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. bedroom2 is in northwest with 8 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 41 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Black Painted_Wood as well as has Yellow Rock_Plate wall. kitchen1 uses Red Stone_Brick for floor while wall is White Rock_Plate. kitchen1 has 7 squares in northwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 is in southeast with 4 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Orange as well as has Black Granite wall. washroom2 has 3 squares in southeast. washroom2 has Green Bamboo_Vine wall while floor is Quartz and Blue. livingroom1 wall is Gray Quartz as well as floor is Purple Wood_Grain. livingroom1 has 41 squares in center. Moreover, closet1 covers 4 square meters located in north. floor of closet1 is Quartz and White, and wall is Coating and Green. Besides, study1 is in northeast with 16 square meters. study1 wall is Green Ceramics as well as floor is Stone_Brick and Pink. bedroom1 has 16 squares in north. bedroom1 has Wood_color Rock_Plate wall, and has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Granite and Orange as well as floor is Jade and Wood_color. bedroom2 is in center with 13 square meters. bedroom3 has 11 squares in east. bedroom3 has Blue Log wall, and uses Black Painted_Wood for floor. kitchen1 is in southeast with 9 square meters. kitchen1 has Black Wood_Veneer wall while floor is Mosaic and White. Besides, balcony1 is in west with 7 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Coating and Pink, and floor is Rock_Plate and Pink. balcony2 is in east with 4 square meters. floor of balcony2 is Wood_Veneer and Green as well as has Black Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, closet1, balcony2, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, closet1. bedroom3, closet1 and study1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to balcony2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2, washroom2. washroom1 is next to washroom2. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 uses Wood_color Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Marble and Yellow. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 uses Red Cement_Board for floor while has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. livingroom1 has Red Ceramics wall as well as floor is Red Jade. livingroom1 has 25 squares in center. kitchen1 is in west with 12 square meters. kitchen1 has Purple Rock_Plate floor, and has Red Coating wall. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 floor is Black Wood_Grain, and wall is Painted_Wood and White. washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. wall of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Red while floor is Mosaic and Black. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Jade and Earth_color, and wall is Blue Quartz. kitchen1 has 12 squares in west. wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and Pink while floor is Rock_Plate and Gray. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. washroom1 uses Black Granite for floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Purple. livingroom1 is in west with 33 square meters. livingroom1 uses Blue Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and has Orange Wood_Grain wall. study1 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as has Red Bamboo_Vine wall. study1 covers 9 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Black, and has Blue Jade floor. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. In addition, bedroom2 is in northeast with 11 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and White as well as floor is Gray Wallpaper. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has Yellow Marble wall, and has Yellow Wallpaper floor. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in south. balcony1 has Pink Rock_Plate wall as well as has Earth_color Cement_Board floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, study1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. study1 is adjacent to balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 floor is Black Pure_Color_Wood as well as has Purple Log wall. bedroom1 is in west with 16 square meters. bedroom2 has Black Mosaic floor while has Green Rock_Plate wall. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in southwest. In addition, bedroom3 has 10 squares in southeast. bedroom3 uses Orange Marble for floor, and has Red Rock_Plate wall. washroom1 floor is Orange Coating as well as wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine. washroom1 has 4 squares in southwest. Additionally, floor of washroom2 is Wallpaper and Purple, and wall is Stone_Brick and Black. washroom2 has 2 squares in southwest. balcony1 uses Purple Log for floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Pink. balcony1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Black Painted_Wood, and floor is Red Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 covers 51 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 8 squares in southeast. wall of kitchen1 is Marble and Wood_color while floor is Quartz and Wood_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Green Marble wall as well as uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor. In addition, livingroom1 uses Orange Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Purple. livingroom1 covers 58 square meters located in east. Moreover, floor of closet1 is Jade and Gray while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. closet1 has 5 squares in west. Besides, floor of study1 is Coating and Orange, and wall is Earth_color Wood_Grain. study1 has 27 squares in center. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 27 square meters located in west. bedroom1 has Gray Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Purple Stone_Brick. bedroom2 is in east with 58 square meters. bedroom2 has Purple Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Marble and Blue. In addition, kitchen1 has Orange Ceramics wall while floor is Pink Painted_Wood. kitchen1 is in south with 11 square meters. Moreover, balcony1 is in north with 8 square meters. balcony1 uses White Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Purple. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, study1, washroom1, closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. washroom1, closet1 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 is next to closet1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 wall is Pink Wallpaper as well as uses Yellow Rock_Plate for floor. Moreover, bedroom2 has Red Wood_Grain wall, and uses White Pure_Color_Wood for floor. bedroom2 has 11 squares in southwest. Additionally, bedroom3 has 9 squares in northwest. bedroom3 floor is Pink Granite while wall is Ceramic_Tile and White. In addition, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 has Earth_color Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Gray Quartz. Moreover, washroom2 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom2 has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Green. balcony1 floor is Black Painted_Wood while wall is White Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 is in east with 7 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Earth_color, and has Earth_color Mosaic floor. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in west. kitchen1 uses Gray Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Green Wood_Veneer. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in west with 10 square meters. bedroom1 has Yellow Marble wall, and floor is Green Stone_Brick. In addition, bedroom2 has Orange Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Green Quartz. bedroom2 has 7 squares in center. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Earth_color Wood_Grain while uses Green Wood_Grain for floor. Moreover, balcony1 has 3 squares in southwest. balcony1 floor is Yellow Stone_Brick, and has Yellow Cement_Board wall. livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in east. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Yellow while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Blue. kitchen1 has 6 squares in northeast. kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Wallpaper, and floor is Marble and Green. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, floor of bedroom1 is Marble and White as well as has Gray Jade wall. bedroom1 has 13 squares in west. Additionally, bedroom2 uses Wood_color Wood_Grain for floor while wall is Orange Quartz. bedroom2 has 10 squares in center. Moreover, washroom1 wall is Blue Granite as well as has Orange Quartz floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. In addition, balcony1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and White while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 26 square meters located in east. livingroom1 has Pink Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Yellow Jade. kitchen1 wall is Red Quartz as well as uses White Mosaic for floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, two kitchens, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 6 squares in center. wall of washroom1 is Quartz and Green, and floor is Ceramics and Black. Additionally, livingroom1 has Pink Wallpaper wall while uses White Jade for floor. livingroom1 is in east with 33 square meters. Moreover, study1 is in north with 8 square meters. wall of study1 is Quartz and Wood_color as well as floor is Coating and Pink. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom1 is Coating and Pink, and has Gray Marble floor. In addition, floor of bedroom2 is Jade and Yellow while wall is Rock_Plate and Green. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in west. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in south. floor of kitchen1 is Rock_Plate and Black as well as wall is Wallpaper and Wood_color. kitchen2 is in south with 4 square meters. kitchen2 has White Coating wall, and uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor. Besides, balcony1 is in north with 10 square meters. balcony1 wall is Orange Ceramic_Tile as well as uses Green Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, study1, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, study1. washroom1, kitchen2 and bedroom2 are connected. balcony1 is next to study1. kitchen1, kitchen2 and washroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to kitchen2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Granite and Yellow. washroom1 is in east with 3 square meters. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Green as well as has Purple Cement_Board floor. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in center. Besides, study1 uses Black Coating for floor while wall is Earth_color Stone_Brick. study1 covers 10 square meters located in east. corridor1 covers 3 square meters located in east. corridor1 has Gray Log wall as well as uses Pink Wallpaper for floor. wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Blue, and uses Yellow Ceramics for floor. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. In addition, bedroom2 is in west with 12 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Earth_color as well as wall is Blue Stone_Brick. kitchen1 has 7 squares in southeast. kitchen1 has Red Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Red Ceramic_Tile. Moreover, balcony1 uses Black Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Black Painted_Wood. balcony1 is in northwest with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, corridor1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. study1 is adjacent to washroom1, corridor1. washroom1, corridor1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to corridor1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in southwest with 16 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Red Coating as well as wall is Cement_Board and Earth_color. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 wall is Pink Bamboo_Vine, and has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood floor. Additionally, washroom1 has 6 squares in west. washroom1 uses Purple Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as has Orange Coating wall. balcony1 floor is Earth_color Log while has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile wall. balcony1 is in southwest with 4 square meters. Besides, balcony2 has Pink Coating floor, and has Green Stone_Brick wall. balcony2 is in north with 3 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer as well as has White Pure_Color_Wood floor. Moreover, kitchen1 wall is Blue Cement_Board, and floor is Blue Log. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony2. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Purple Quartz wall, and floor is Wood_color Ceramics. bedroom1 is in north with 13 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Black Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Ceramics and Wood_color. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. Besides, bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. bedroom3 has Wood_color Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Purple. Moreover, washroom1 has 3 squares in west. washroom1 uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor while wall is Coating and Black. Additionally, floor of washroom2 is Painted_Wood and Purple as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Blue. washroom2 is in west with 3 square meters. balcony1 has White Log wall, and uses Red Wood_Veneer for floor. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Pink Granite as well as has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. kitchen1 uses Pink Wallpaper for floor while wall is Wallpaper and Yellow. kitchen1 is in center with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 13 squares in east. bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Cement_Board as well as wall is Orange Rock_Plate. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Ceramics and Green, and has Gray Wood_Grain floor. bedroom2 has 11 squares in west. washroom1 wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine as well as uses White Painted_Wood for floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. balcony1 floor is Green Wallpaper, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color. balcony1 is in east with 3 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 has Earth_color Ceramics floor as well as wall is Ceramics and Wood_color. livingroom1 has 33 squares in center. Additionally, wall of kitchen1 is Granite and Wood_color while uses Blue Bamboo_Vine for floor. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has Blue Stone_Brick wall, and floor is White Wood_Grain. washroom1 has 5 squares in southwest. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Red Painted_Wood as well as wall is Pink Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 covers 39 square meters located in center. Moreover, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony1 floor is Pink Wood_Grain, and wall is White Wallpaper. washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 uses Gray Stone_Brick for floor as well as has Earth_color Rock_Plate wall. bedroom1 has 11 squares in south. bedroom2 floor is Pink Coating while wall is Gray Quartz. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in north. Additionally, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 has Black Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Red Wood_Grain. In addition, balcony1 has Red Ceramics floor, and wall is White Wood_Veneer. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. balcony2 has Yellow Wallpaper floor while has Black Stone_Brick wall. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in north. livingroom1 has Earth_color Cement_Board floor, and wall is Orange Granite. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. Additionally, kitchen1 has Yellow Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Gray Jade. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Yellow Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is White Mosaic. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. Moreover, bedroom2 uses White Ceramic_Tile for floor while has Pink Granite wall. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. In addition, bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Red Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Orange, and has Orange Painted_Wood floor. balcony1 is in north with 2 square meters. balcony1 uses Yellow Stone_Brick for floor while has Gray Mosaic wall. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Purple Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Black. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Yellow Rock_Plate as well as floor is Wood_color Wood_Veneer. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. washroom1 has Pink Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Marble and Earth_color. Moreover, bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Earth_color, and floor is Wood_color Granite. In addition, bedroom2 has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has Green Mosaic floor. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Yellow Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and has Gray Wallpaper wall. Besides, kitchen1 has Wood_color Coating wall while uses Orange Stone_Brick for floor. kitchen1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in northeast with 11 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Orange Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Blue Rock_Plate. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and White while floor is Stone_Brick and Red. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. In addition, floor of washroom1 is Granite and Wood_color, and wall is Green Stone_Brick. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. balcony1 is in west with 5 square meters. balcony1 has Gray Ceramic_Tile floor as well as has White Cement_Board wall. Besides, livingroom1 is in center with 21 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Blue Jade while wall is Log and Pink. Additionally, kitchen1 is in southwest with 8 square meters. kitchen1 has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall as well as floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 16 squares in west. bedroom1 has Gray Quartz wall as well as has Green Ceramics floor. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has Black Mosaic floor, and has Red Cement_Board wall. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 floor is Black Ceramic_Tile while has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall. balcony1 wall is Gray Wood_Grain, and floor is Coating and Black. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has Purple Jade wall as well as uses Black Coating for floor. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in center. Moreover, kitchen1 wall is White Wallpaper, and uses Pink Ceramic_Tile for floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 wall is Yellow Stone_Brick, and uses Purple Granite for floor. washroom1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Blue as well as uses Wood_color Granite for floor. livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in center. Moreover, bedroom1 has 13 squares in east. bedroom1 wall is Red Granite while uses Purple Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has Yellow Cement_Board floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Red. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Wallpaper while wall is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. bedroom1 is in west with 9 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 is in east with 18 square meters. livingroom1 has Pink Cement_Board wall, and has Black Marble floor. kitchen1 is in north with 8 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Black as well as wall is Earth_color Quartz. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in northwest with 13 square meters. bedroom1 has Wood_color Coating floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and White. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom2 has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall while uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in west. bedroom3 floor is White Cement_Board as well as wall is Coating and Purple. Additionally, washroom1 is in center with 6 square meters. washroom1 wall is Black Cement_Board while has Green Ceramics floor. In addition, balcony1 floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick, and wall is Rock_Plate and Pink. balcony1 covers 2 square meters located in south. livingroom1 has 31 squares in east. floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and Earth_color as well as has Yellow Bamboo_Vine wall. wall of kitchen1 is Rock_Plate and Black while floor is Stone_Brick and Blue. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 is next to kitchen1, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 uses Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and has Yellow Cement_Board wall. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 has Orange Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 has Black Log floor, and has Gray Stone_Brick wall. bedroom3 has 12 squares in west. Moreover, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Orange Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Pink Bamboo_Vine. washroom2 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom2 floor is Gray Ceramic_Tile while wall is Rock_Plate and Orange. Additionally, balcony1 has 8 squares in east. balcony1 has Gray Bamboo_Vine wall, and uses Red Marble for floor. Besides, livingroom1 uses Gray Rock_Plate for floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. livingroom1 has 42 squares in center. kitchen1 wall is Black Granite as well as uses Green Coating for floor. kitchen1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom2. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 3 squares in south. wall of washroom1 is Ceramics and Green, and has Blue Cement_Board floor. In addition, washroom2 has 2 squares in center. washroom2 wall is Gray Wood_Grain as well as floor is Quartz and Green. floor of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Earth_color, and has Wood_color Granite wall. livingroom1 is in west with 44 square meters. Additionally, closet1 has Purple Cement_Board wall as well as uses Green Cement_Board for floor. closet1 is in east with 5 square meters. In addition, study1 has Green Marble floor while wall is Earth_color Mosaic. study1 has 9 squares in north. Besides, floor of bedroom1 is Jade and Earth_color, and has Wood_color Log wall. bedroom1 has 13 squares in southeast. bedroom2 wall is Gray Ceramics while floor is Jade and Gray. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, balcony1 is in northwest with 4 square meters. balcony1 has Wood_color Coating wall, and floor is Pink Granite. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, closet1, washroom1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to closet1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, closet1. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 uses Green Wood_Grain for floor, and has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Additionally, livingroom1 has 39 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Marble and Black while wall is Orange Jade. closet1 has Gray Marble floor as well as has Gray Pure_Color_Wood wall. closet1 is in north with 6 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color, and has Orange Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in northwest. Besides, floor of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Earth_color while wall is Blue Jade. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in east. Additionally, bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 has Yellow Marble floor, and wall is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine. Moreover, kitchen1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Pink Stone_Brick floor while has Green Quartz wall. In addition, balcony1 is in west with 10 square meters. balcony1 floor is Black Pure_Color_Wood, and wall is Log and Gray. Additionally, balcony2 is in east with 3 square meters. balcony2 has Gray Stone_Brick wall as well as has Orange Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, closet1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. closet1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Purple Coating, and wall is Ceramics and Black. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Blue Granite as well as wall is Green Painted_Wood. Moreover, bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom3 has Purple Granite wall while uses Pink Granite for floor. Additionally, washroom1 uses Blue Log for floor as well as has Green Stone_Brick wall. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. floor of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color while has Wood_color Jade wall. livingroom1 has Wood_color Granite floor, and wall is Yellow Quartz. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. Moreover, kitchen1 has Yellow Log wall while has Wood_color Jade floor. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Wood_color as well as wall is Yellow Wallpaper. bedroom1 is in southeast with 16 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 is in south with 11 square meters. bedroom2 uses Purple Wallpaper for floor while wall is Orange Mosaic. Besides, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 floor is Gray Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Quartz and Gray. Additionally, washroom2 has 3 squares in north. washroom2 uses Gray Ceramics for floor while wall is Log and Green. balcony1 has 6 squares in north. balcony1 has Gray Wall_Cloth wall as well as has Purple Painted_Wood floor. In addition, balcony2 is in southwest with 5 square meters. balcony2 floor is White Wall_Cloth while has Orange Bamboo_Vine wall. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Blue Coating as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. livingroom1 has 24 squares in west. Besides, kitchen1 has Blue Wallpaper wall while floor is White Ceramics. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, balcony2, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom2. washroom2 and balcony1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor, and has Black Mosaic wall. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 uses White Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as wall is White Log. bedroom3 has Blue Stone_Brick floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Red. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom1 has Orange Bamboo_Vine floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Pink. Moreover, balcony1 has Yellow Jade wall while floor is Earth_color Ceramics. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony2 has Purple Ceramics floor as well as has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in north. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 43 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is White Mosaic, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Orange. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Wall_Cloth and Pink as well as has Red Jade wall. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 uses Blue Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Black Wallpaper. bedroom1 is in south with 11 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom2 is Marble and Black as well as floor is Yellow Mosaic. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom1 has Orange Log wall, and has Green Log floor. balcony1 wall is White Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Black Log. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in south. Besides, livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. livingroom1 has Blue Quartz floor, and wall is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. kitchen1 has Orange Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Cement_Board and Earth_color. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 3 squares in west. washroom1 floor is White Painted_Wood as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Orange. In addition, floor of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink while wall is Marble and Wood_color. bedroom1 has 11 squares in south. Moreover, floor of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and White, and wall is Rock_Plate and Pink. bedroom2 has 8 squares in center. livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow as well as has Pink Cement_Board floor. In addition, balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Earth_color while has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. floor of washroom1 is Ceramics and Earth_color, and wall is Stone_Brick and Red. livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood while wall is Mosaic and Black. livingroom1 is in center with 33 square meters. study1 is in east with 11 square meters. study1 uses Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Red Ceramic_Tile. Moreover, bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Ceramics, and floor is Wood_color Cement_Board. bedroom1 is in west with 15 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Log and Purple as well as wall is Gray Stone_Brick. bedroom2 is in center with 12 square meters. kitchen1 uses Pink Coating for floor while wall is Mosaic and Gray. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. In addition, balcony1 wall is White Wood_Veneer as well as floor is White Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 is in west with 7 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1. study1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. washroom1 has Gray Jade wall as well as floor is Granite and White. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 19 square meters located in east. livingroom1 has Black Granite wall while uses Purple Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom1 wall is Purple Mosaic, and uses Green Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in west. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one study, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 has 1 squares in southeast. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow as well as wall is Coating and Orange. floor of study1 is Rock_Plate and Blue, and wall is Yellow Wall_Cloth. study1 covers 3 square meters located in southeast. Moreover, livingroom1 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor while wall is Yellow Granite. livingroom1 is in east with 15 square meters. bedroom1 has Green Ceramic_Tile floor, and wall is Wood_color Granite. bedroom1 has 16 squares in west. livingroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. livingroom1 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. washroom1 and study1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. In practice, washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Earth_color Granite as well as uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall, and has Black Bamboo_Vine floor. livingroom1 has 37 squares in east. Moreover, bedroom1 floor is Gray Ceramic_Tile while has Yellow Cement_Board wall. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in west. bedroom2 uses Blue Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. bedroom2 covers 7 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in northeast with 14 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow as well as has Red Granite floor. bedroom2 has 15 squares in southeast. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Gray, and floor is Wood_Grain and Orange. Moreover, wall of bedroom3 is Marble and Orange while floor is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color. bedroom3 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. washroom1 floor is Earth_color Wallpaper, and has Green Coating wall. washroom1 has 8 squares in west. balcony1 has 6 squares in southeast. wall of balcony1 is Jade and Wood_color as well as floor is Gray Cement_Board. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Yellow Stone_Brick, and has White Stone_Brick wall. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in center. kitchen1 wall is Gray Wood_Grain as well as floor is Black Painted_Wood. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, kitchen1. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in west with 3 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color as well as uses Gray Marble for floor. Moreover, bedroom1 has 12 squares in north. wall of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Wood_color, and uses Orange Wood_Grain for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has Red Wood_Grain floor while wall is Wallpaper and Orange. livingroom1 is in east with 30 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 wall is Green Jade, and floor is Earth_color Cement_Board. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 uses Gray Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Green Marble. washroom1 is in east with 6 square meters. washroom2 has 5 squares in north. washroom2 wall is Gray Jade as well as uses Yellow Wallpaper for floor. In addition, livingroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Veneer floor, and has Gray Quartz wall. livingroom1 is in center with 41 square meters. Moreover, floor of study1 is Painted_Wood and Pink as well as has Purple Log wall. study1 is in east with 10 square meters. bedroom1 is in southeast with 16 square meters. bedroom1 has White Cement_Board wall while uses Yellow Rock_Plate for floor. Besides, floor of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and White as well as has Red Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom2 has 11 squares in northeast. bedroom3 has 10 squares in center. bedroom3 floor is Black Bamboo_Vine while has Pink Stone_Brick wall. kitchen1 has Blue Wood_Grain wall, and has Earth_color Quartz floor. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Rock_Plate and Yellow as well as has Earth_color Quartz wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom2. study1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 uses Black Jade for floor as well as wall is Earth_color Log. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in west. livingroom1 uses Wood_color Jade for floor while wall is Green Stone_Brick. Moreover, study1 uses Earth_color Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Green Wood_Grain. study1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. Besides, bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in center. bedroom1 has Yellow Wallpaper wall while floor is White Log. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has Gray Log wall as well as floor is Blue Rock_Plate. In addition, wall of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Red, and floor is Stone_Brick and Black. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. balcony1 wall is Green Painted_Wood as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Purple. balcony1 has 5 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1, kitchen1 and study1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. bedroom1 has Red Cement_Board wall, and floor is Purple Jade. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in center. bedroom2 has Blue Painted_Wood floor while has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom3 has 8 squares in east. wall of bedroom3 is Jade and Red as well as floor is Gray Wall_Cloth. Moreover, washroom1 has Orange Marble floor, and has Green Rock_Plate wall. washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. balcony1 has White Ceramics wall while has Gray Jade floor. balcony1 is in west with 5 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 has Gray Wood_Veneer wall, and uses Black Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 has 26 squares in center. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in east. kitchen1 has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall as well as floor is Orange Ceramics. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Coating and Purple as well as uses Green Log for floor. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in east. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and White, and has Wood_color Marble floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom1 has Wood_color Rock_Plate floor as well as has White Quartz wall. washroom2 has 2 squares in east. washroom2 uses Wood_color Wood_Veneer for floor while has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall. Additionally, balcony1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Gray Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Granite and White. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Orange while has Green Rock_Plate floor. livingroom1 has 47 squares in south. Besides, floor of livingroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Green, and wall is Green Mosaic. livingroom2 covers 18 square meters located in north. kitchen1 floor is Black Wood_Grain as well as has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall. kitchen1 is in northwest with 17 square meters. livingroom2, kitchen1, bedroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. livingroom2 is next to kitchen1, bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 wall is Green Cement_Board as well as floor is Wood_color Marble. bedroom1 is in west with 15 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Pink while floor is Black Mosaic. bedroom2 has 13 squares in center. In addition, bedroom3 has 5 squares in southwest. bedroom3 uses Pink Ceramics for floor as well as wall is Gray Ceramics. wall of washroom1 is Mosaic and Pink, and floor is Log and Black. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in south. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 has White Wall_Cloth floor while has White Wall_Cloth wall. Besides, livingroom1 wall is Pink Wallpaper as well as floor is Wood_Grain and Pink. livingroom1 has 28 squares in east. In addition, kitchen1 has Green Log wall while floor is White Wood_Grain. kitchen1 has 6 squares in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1, kitchen1, bedroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. kitchen1, bedroom3 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in north with 7 square meters. washroom1 wall is Black Wallpaper, and uses White Bamboo_Vine for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has 32 squares in east. livingroom1 uses Red Cement_Board for floor while wall is Yellow Jade. closet1 covers 2 square meters located in west. closet1 wall is Orange Jade as well as has Earth_color Quartz floor. Moreover, bedroom1 has 16 squares in southwest. bedroom1 uses Yellow Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Orange Log. bedroom2 has 15 squares in south. bedroom2 floor is Green Wood_Veneer while has Green Cement_Board wall. Besides, bedroom3 uses Earth_color Wall_Cloth for floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Purple. bedroom3 has 10 squares in northwest. In addition, wall of kitchen1 is Jade and Wood_color while has Gray Cement_Board floor. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. balcony1 wall is White Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Quartz and Red. balcony1 has 6 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, closet1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, closet1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, closet1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Red as well as uses Orange Mosaic for floor. In addition, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in north. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Quartz while has Purple Wall_Cloth wall. Moreover, washroom1 has 6 squares in west. washroom1 floor is White Stone_Brick as well as has Gray Wall_Cloth wall. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in south. balcony1 wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood, and has Yellow Log floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Log and Orange while wall is Green Mosaic. Besides, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. kitchen1 uses White Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Red Mosaic. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 wall is Wood_color Log as well as floor is Red Bamboo_Vine. washroom1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. washroom2 wall is Pink Rock_Plate while uses Gray Wallpaper for floor. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. Additionally, livingroom1 has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine wall as well as has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile floor. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in east. study1 has 9 squares in west. wall of study1 is Wallpaper and Yellow, and uses Pink Rock_Plate for floor. Besides, bedroom1 has 15 squares in west. bedroom1 floor is Yellow Stone_Brick as well as has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall. Additionally, bedroom2 is in center with 10 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Yellow Wall_Cloth while wall is White Jade. Besides, bedroom3 floor is Purple Wood_Veneer as well as wall is White Rock_Plate. bedroom3 is in north with 9 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Pink Marble, and wall is Log and Gray. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. In addition, wall of balcony1 is Mosaic and White as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Blue. balcony1 has 7 squares in southeast. wall of balcony2 is Jade and Purple while uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. study1 is adjacent to washroom2. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in east. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Blue, and uses Yellow Mosaic for floor. bedroom2 has White Marble floor while wall is Ceramics and Gray. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, bedroom3 has Black Jade wall, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Blue. bedroom3 has 9 squares in west. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in center. washroom1 floor is Black Bamboo_Vine while wall is Cement_Board and Blue. Besides, washroom2 has White Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Painted_Wood and Green. washroom2 is in west with 4 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 has Orange Wallpaper wall while has Yellow Rock_Plate floor. Besides, livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile as well as floor is Wood_Grain and Purple. kitchen1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Green Ceramics floor, and has Pink Jade wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 uses Earth_color Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Granite and Blue. bedroom1 has 15 squares in north. bedroom2 has 11 squares in center. bedroom2 floor is Green Wood_Grain, and has White Wallpaper wall. washroom1 uses Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor while has Wood_color Mosaic wall. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. Moreover, balcony1 has 6 squares in northwest. balcony1 wall is Gray Ceramics as well as uses Earth_color Rock_Plate for floor. floor of livingroom1 is Jade and White while has Purple Marble wall. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in center. Additionally, kitchen1 is in south with 5 square meters. kitchen1 has Purple Log wall as well as floor is Log and Wood_color. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Green Mosaic as well as uses Orange Ceramics for floor. In addition, livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Marble while floor is Coating and Red. storage1 has 5 squares in southeast. floor of storage1 is Log and Gray as well as has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in east. bedroom1 wall is Red Quartz while floor is Orange Wood_Grain. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has Purple Stone_Brick floor, and has Pink Wall_Cloth wall. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in west. floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Green while wall is Log and Blue. balcony1 has Blue Coating wall as well as uses Green Wood_Grain for floor. balcony1 has 6 squares in east. Besides, balcony2 is in west with 3 square meters. balcony2 floor is Yellow Stone_Brick while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, storage1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, balcony2. storage1 and balcony1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. The house plan has two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has Earth_color Wallpaper wall, and floor is Red Bamboo_Vine. washroom1 has 6 squares in west. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in northwest. washroom2 floor is Yellow Stone_Brick while wall is Blue Ceramic_Tile. Additionally, bedroom1 floor is Red Wallpaper as well as has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Mosaic, and uses Red Marble for floor. bedroom2 has 15 squares in southeast. floor of bedroom3 is Quartz and Pink as well as wall is Gray Wood_Veneer. bedroom3 has 13 squares in northwest. Moreover, floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Blue, and wall is White Quartz. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has Orange Ceramics wall while floor is Earth_color Wood_Grain. kitchen1 has 7 squares in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 uses Pink Ceramics for floor as well as wall is Coating and Blue. bedroom1 has 17 squares in southwest. Additionally, floor of bedroom2 is Log and Wood_color while has Blue Mosaic wall. bedroom2 has 10 squares in center. washroom1 wall is Earth_color Ceramics as well as has Gray Wallpaper floor. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. In addition, balcony1 floor is Pink Cement_Board, and wall is Wood_Grain and Orange. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Wood_color Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Purple Ceramics. livingroom1 is in east with 34 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Orange Marble while floor is Jade and White. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and White as well as uses Orange Granite for floor. washroom1 is in east with 3 square meters. washroom2 has White Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Jade and Gray. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in center. Additionally, livingroom1 has 33 squares in south. floor of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Green, and wall is Purple Painted_Wood. Moreover, closet1 is in north with 4 square meters. floor of closet1 is Mosaic and Yellow as well as wall is Black Mosaic. Additionally, study1 covers 11 square meters located in west. study1 has Black Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Ceramics and Black. Besides, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 has Green Granite floor while wall is Pink Marble. bedroom2 is in northwest with 12 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Coating, and wall is Green Log. kitchen1 wall is Gray Jade while uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in east. balcony1 floor is Orange Wallpaper as well as has Yellow Marble wall. balcony1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, closet1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1, closet1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, closet1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in north with 14 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Granite and Pink as well as uses Yellow Granite for floor. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Orange Painted_Wood, and wall is Mosaic and Gray. bedroom2 is in southeast with 11 square meters. Besides, bedroom3 covers 7 square meters located in east. bedroom3 floor is Orange Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Red. washroom1 wall is Gray Ceramic_Tile while floor is Mosaic and Yellow. washroom1 is in south with 3 square meters. In addition, washroom2 is in center with 2 square meters. washroom2 wall is Wood_color Granite as well as uses Red Granite for floor. balcony1 has 5 squares in northwest. balcony1 has Yellow Wood_Grain floor while has Orange Painted_Wood wall. Besides, livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in west. livingroom1 wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine, and has Green Ceramic_Tile floor. kitchen1 has Wood_color Wood_Veneer wall while has Green Wood_Veneer floor. kitchen1 is in south with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 15 squares in east. bedroom1 has Gray Mosaic wall as well as floor is Jade and Pink. bedroom2 is in center with 9 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and Wood_color, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. In addition, bedroom3 is in southeast with 8 square meters. bedroom3 uses Green Coating for floor while has Blue Wood_Veneer wall. floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink, and wall is Yellow Cement_Board. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. washroom2 has 4 squares in east. washroom2 floor is Red Coating as well as wall is Cement_Board and Red. balcony1 uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor, and has Gray Rock_Plate wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in north. floor of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Yellow while wall is Wood_Veneer and Blue. livingroom1 has 35 squares in west. Moreover, kitchen1 floor is Purple Jade as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Purple. kitchen1 has 13 squares in west. bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom2. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. washroom1 uses Earth_color Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Blue. livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Black Marble for floor, and has Red Granite wall. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color while has White Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 wall is Pink Marble as well as floor is Wallpaper and Wood_color. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood while wall is Red Wood_Grain. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. Additionally, bedroom2 has Gray Wall_Cloth floor as well as has Blue Wood_Grain wall. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. Moreover, wall of bedroom3 is Wallpaper and Black, and uses Gray Coating for floor. bedroom3 has 4 squares in west. In addition, livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Black Mosaic as well as uses White Wood_Veneer for floor. balcony1 has Red Marble wall, and has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. Moreover, balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. floor of balcony2 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1, balcony2. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 has 3 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Yellow Mosaic as well as uses Earth_color Wood_Grain for floor. livingroom1 has 38 squares in west. livingroom1 uses Yellow Jade for floor, and wall is Red Ceramic_Tile. In addition, study1 floor is Blue Mosaic while wall is Wall_Cloth and Red. study1 covers 6 square meters located in east. Besides, bedroom1 uses Red Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Blue. bedroom1 is in east with 16 square meters. Additionally, floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Blue while has Blue Ceramics wall. bedroom2 is in south with 10 square meters. kitchen1 has Red Wall_Cloth wall, and uses Pink Granite for floor. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. Moreover, balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. balcony1 floor is Green Rock_Plate while wall is Purple Log. balcony2 floor is Pink Log, and has Yellow Cement_Board wall. balcony2 has 3 squares in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, study1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. study1 is next to washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, floor of washroom1 is Jade and Purple as well as has White Wood_Grain wall. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 42 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Purple Wood_Veneer, and wall is Wood_Grain and White. wall of closet1 is Mosaic and Earth_color as well as floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine. closet1 covers 5 square meters located in east. Moreover, study1 is in north with 10 square meters. study1 has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall while has Blue Granite floor. Besides, bedroom1 has Blue Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Wood_color Granite. bedroom1 has 14 squares in southeast. bedroom2 has 13 squares in northeast. bedroom2 has Yellow Wall_Cloth wall, and uses Purple Jade for floor. Additionally, bedroom3 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom3 has White Granite floor while has Orange Ceramics wall. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 has White Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is Red Stone_Brick. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall, and floor is Coating and White. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, closet1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3, closet1. bedroom2 is next to closet1, washroom1. washroom1 and study1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 has White Log wall, and has Blue Wall_Cloth floor. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in west. livingroom1 uses Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Pink Cement_Board. Additionally, storage1 has 4 squares in southwest. storage1 floor is Yellow Coating while wall is Green Coating. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Gray as well as wall is Purple Coating. bedroom1 has 22 squares in south. bedroom2 covers 17 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Purple, and has Purple Wood_Veneer wall. Moreover, bedroom3 wall is Pink Painted_Wood as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Wood_color. bedroom3 has 10 squares in center. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southwest. kitchen1 wall is Pink Mosaic while uses Earth_color Cement_Board for floor. balcony1 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Coating and Earth_color. balcony1 has 5 squares in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, storage1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. storage1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to storage1. The building contains three bedrooms, three washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 wall is Blue Log as well as has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom1 is in northeast with 15 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has Yellow Painted_Wood floor while wall is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. Additionally, bedroom3 wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile as well as uses White Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom3 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. wall of washroom1 is Mosaic and Pink, and floor is Quartz and Blue. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom2 wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick while floor is Red Painted_Wood. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. Moreover, washroom3 has 3 squares in center. floor of washroom3 is Cement_Board and White, and wall is Orange Coating. Additionally, balcony1 wall is Green Stone_Brick while has White Wood_Grain floor. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is in center with 43 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Blue Stone_Brick as well as floor is White Ceramics. kitchen1 has Red Coating wall while floor is Yellow Granite. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. washroom2 is next to washroom3. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Blue Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Yellow. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, bedroom2 has Orange Bamboo_Vine wall while floor is Red Wood_Veneer. bedroom2 is in northwest with 10 square meters. In addition, bedroom3 uses Earth_color Jade for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Black. bedroom3 has 9 squares in west. wall of washroom1 is Quartz and Wood_color as well as floor is Orange Wood_Veneer. washroom1 has 3 squares in north. Additionally, floor of washroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Orange, and wall is Gray Coating. washroom2 has 3 squares in north. Moreover, floor of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Purple as well as wall is Purple Coating. balcony1 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and White while has Blue Painted_Wood floor. livingroom1 is in center with 41 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 uses Blue Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as has Green Ceramics wall. kitchen1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony1. kitchen1 is next to balcony1. The house plan has two washrooms, one storage, one bedroom, two livingrooms, and one balcony. To be specific, floor of washroom1 is Jade and Orange, and has Green Marble wall. washroom1 covers 2 square meters located in northeast. washroom2 has Earth_color Ceramics floor as well as has Black Wood_Grain wall. washroom2 has 2 squares in northeast. wall of storage1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red, and has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor. storage1 has 0 squares in center. Additionally, bedroom1 has 17 squares in center. bedroom1 floor is Green Painted_Wood as well as wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Granite and Wood_color, and wall is Pink Rock_Plate. livingroom1 has 14 squares in east. Additionally, wall of livingroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray while floor is Jade and Purple. livingroom2 is in east with 11 square meters. balcony1 is in west with 9 square meters. balcony1 uses Pink Quartz for floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Blue. bedroom1 is adjacent to livingroom2, balcony1, washroom2. livingroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. livingroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Black Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Purple. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color, and wall is Green Ceramics. livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom1 has Yellow Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Red Quartz. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and two kitchens. In practice, bedroom1 has 19 squares in southeast. bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Granite as well as wall is Marble and Black. Moreover, bedroom2 is in northwest with 12 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Blue, and wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. In addition, bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom3 is Quartz and Red while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Green. Additionally, washroom1 has 5 squares in east. washroom1 has Black Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. washroom2 has Green Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Green Mosaic. Besides, balcony1 has Blue Log floor, and has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine wall. balcony1 is in south with 7 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Red Cement_Board for floor while wall is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. livingroom1 has 45 squares in center. wall of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Black as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Red. kitchen1 has 7 squares in northwest. kitchen2 covers 0 square meters located in west. kitchen2 uses Blue Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Yellow Marble. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, kitchen2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1, kitchen2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to kitchen2. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 uses Green Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Gray. bedroom1 has 18 squares in east. floor of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Orange while has Earth_color Mosaic wall. bedroom2 is in west with 12 square meters. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. floor of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Gray, and wall is Stone_Brick and Yellow. Moreover, wall of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Earth_color as well as uses Red Coating for floor. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in east. livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Log and Yellow, and wall is Stone_Brick and Purple. kitchen1 floor is Blue Marble while wall is Wallpaper and Blue. kitchen1 has 7 squares in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom1 floor is Red Painted_Wood, and has Red Marble wall. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Gray Quartz as well as floor is Earth_color Granite. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom3 covers 6 square meters located in center. bedroom3 has Orange Log wall, and floor is Orange Ceramics. washroom1 is in center with 6 square meters. washroom1 wall is Wood_color Marble as well as uses Blue Bamboo_Vine for floor. balcony1 floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. Besides, floor of balcony2 is Coating and Black as well as wall is Purple Stone_Brick. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Gray Jade while floor is Yellow Wood_Grain. livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in center. In addition, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. kitchen1 floor is Red Stone_Brick, and wall is Rock_Plate and Blue. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, balcony1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, balcony1. washroom1, kitchen1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and White as well as wall is Orange Wood_Veneer. In addition, wall of washroom2 is Jade and Wood_color, and uses Purple Log for floor. washroom2 has 2 squares in east. livingroom1 is in center with 26 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Wood_color while wall is Black Wood_Grain. study1 is in east with 8 square meters. study1 wall is White Ceramic_Tile as well as has Pink Stone_Brick floor. bedroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and White. bedroom1 is in west with 17 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 is in southeast with 8 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Pink Wood_Veneer as well as has Black Log wall. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. floor of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and Blue while wall is Yellow Mosaic. floor of balcony1 is Jade and Wood_color as well as has Pink Coating wall. balcony1 is in north with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. kitchen1 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in north. bedroom1 uses Earth_color Marble for floor as well as has Green Cement_Board wall. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is Green Coating, and floor is Wallpaper and Earth_color. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in south. washroom1 wall is Gray Jade as well as has Earth_color Rock_Plate floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. balcony1 is in north with 5 square meters. balcony1 floor is Orange Cement_Board while wall is Marble and Gray. balcony2 has 3 squares in south. balcony2 wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain, and floor is Wood_Grain and Black. livingroom1 wall is Purple Log while has Gray Mosaic floor. livingroom1 has 28 squares in center. floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Orange as well as wall is Green Painted_Wood. kitchen1 is in south with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. House has one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, balcony1 is in northwest with 3 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Rock_Plate and Pink, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Pink. livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Wood_color Log wall as well as uses Purple Stone_Brick for floor. In addition, kitchen1 has 4 squares in west. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Red, and floor is Yellow Quartz. livingroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, balcony1. kitchen1 is next to balcony1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in south. bedroom1 floor is White Granite, and has White Log wall. bedroom2 has Purple Wood_Grain wall while floor is Wood_color Quartz. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. floor of washroom1 is Log and Earth_color as well as has Pink Marble wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. Moreover, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 uses Wood_color Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Blue Marble. balcony2 is in north with 4 square meters. balcony2 has Green Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Gray Log. livingroom1 is in center with 37 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Green Rock_Plate, and floor is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood. wall of kitchen1 is Granite and Green as well as has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, balcony2. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in north with 14 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Granite and Wood_color, and uses Gray Cement_Board for floor. wall of bedroom2 is Log and White while floor is Quartz and Blue. bedroom2 is in south with 11 square meters. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color as well as uses Pink Mosaic for floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 floor is Wood_color Wood_Grain while has Yellow Wallpaper wall. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Blue Painted_Wood as well as wall is Gray Cement_Board. kitchen1 has Pink Wood_Veneer wall while has Pink Coating floor. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, two livingrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 floor is Green Quartz as well as wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Pink Jade while wall is Orange Ceramics. livingroom1 has 21 squares in north. wall of livingroom2 is Cement_Board and Black as well as floor is Yellow Coating. livingroom2 covers 19 square meters located in center. floor of study1 is Jade and White, and wall is Pink Coating. study1 has 12 squares in northeast. bedroom1 is in west with 17 square meters. bedroom1 has Red Mosaic wall while uses Yellow Mosaic for floor. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Pink Jade as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Green. bedroom2 has 14 squares in east. In addition, kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 uses Pink Mosaic for floor, and wall is Red Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 has 8 squares in south. balcony1 has Black Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall. Moreover, balcony2 wall is White Ceramics, and uses Pink Wallpaper for floor. balcony2 is in southwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to livingroom2, bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1 and livingroom2 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony2, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony1 is next to balcony2. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 floor is Gray Granite as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Orange. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. floor of washroom2 is Marble and Purple while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Red. washroom2 is in east with 5 square meters. livingroom1 has 50 squares in west. livingroom1 floor is Purple Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Red Ceramics. In addition, closet1 is in south with 10 square meters. wall of closet1 is Log and Yellow, and floor is Painted_Wood and White. bedroom1 is in southeast with 16 square meters. bedroom1 uses Black Rock_Plate for floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Orange. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 is in northeast with 12 square meters. kitchen1 has 7 squares in south. floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Black as well as wall is Coating and Pink. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. balcony1 wall is White Wallpaper, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, closet1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to closet1, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. closet1 is next to kitchen1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Mosaic and Purple as well as floor is Orange Rock_Plate. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in north. washroom2 has Red Stone_Brick wall, and uses Pink Rock_Plate for floor. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood while uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor. livingroom1 has 33 squares in south. Moreover, study1 is in west with 10 square meters. study1 has Pink Mosaic floor as well as wall is Log and Red. In addition, wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow, and uses Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor. bedroom1 is in northwest with 15 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 is in northeast with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Black as well as uses Purple Ceramic_Tile for floor. kitchen1 has Blue Quartz floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Pink. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southeast. In addition, balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. balcony1 wall is Wood_color Wallpaper while floor is Purple Painted_Wood. Additionally, balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in west. wall of balcony2 is Wall_Cloth and Green as well as uses Blue Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, study1, balcony2, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2. balcony2 and study1 are connected. balcony1 is next to balcony2. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in north. washroom1 uses Earth_color Wood_Grain for floor as well as wall is Wood_color Wallpaper. Additionally, washroom2 is in north with 2 square meters. washroom2 wall is Green Wood_Grain, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color. Moreover, livingroom1 is in west with 33 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Pink as well as has Gray Marble floor. Additionally, wall of study1 is Jade and Pink, and uses White Pure_Color_Wood for floor. study1 has 10 squares in center. bedroom1 has 20 squares in southeast. bedroom1 uses Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Red Wallpaper. Besides, bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Blue while has Green Ceramics floor. In addition, kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. kitchen1 uses Wood_color Wood_Grain for floor as well as has Pink Jade wall. balcony1 has 12 squares in southwest. balcony1 wall is Blue Jade, and floor is Wood_color Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, study1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, study1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to study1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in north. bedroom1 wall is White Cement_Board as well as floor is Coating and Earth_color. Moreover, bedroom2 has 8 squares in center. floor of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and White, and wall is Stone_Brick and White. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom3 is Cement_Board and Green while has Gray Wallpaper floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. washroom1 uses Earth_color Ceramic_Tile for floor, and has Red Mosaic wall. In addition, balcony1 is in north with 4 square meters. balcony1 floor is Gray Coating as well as wall is Ceramics and Yellow. balcony2 has 2 squares in southeast. wall of balcony2 is Bamboo_Vine and Orange while uses Purple Jade for floor. Moreover, livingroom1 floor is White Bamboo_Vine as well as has Blue Marble wall. livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. Besides, kitchen1 floor is Purple Log while wall is Wood_Grain and Purple. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, balcony1. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. Building layout contains two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Gray, and has Gray Log floor. In addition, washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in center. wall of washroom2 is Coating and Black as well as has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile floor. Moreover, wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Purple while has Red Cement_Board floor. bedroom1 has 18 squares in east. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Wood_Grain as well as wall is Black Wood_Veneer. bedroom2 is in east with 11 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has White Marble wall while has Earth_color Painted_Wood floor. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in west. kitchen1 has White Rock_Plate wall as well as has Wood_color Marble floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Red Mosaic wall, and uses Purple Pure_Color_Wood for floor. bedroom1 floor is Purple Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Orange. bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 has 9 squares in center. bedroom2 uses Purple Mosaic for floor while has Pink Coating wall. bedroom3 covers 6 square meters located in east. bedroom3 has Orange Marble floor, and has Purple Wall_Cloth wall. livingroom1 covers 26 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has Orange Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Gray Wood_Grain. In addition, kitchen1 wall is Green Log, and uses Pink Painted_Wood for floor. kitchen1 is in south with 8 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom2, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in northeast with 20 square meters. bedroom1 has Yellow Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Red, and has Black Rock_Plate floor. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. Besides, bedroom3 wall is Wood_color Granite as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in north. Moreover, washroom1 uses Orange Coating for floor while wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer. washroom1 has 6 squares in west. Additionally, washroom2 floor is Blue Wallpaper as well as wall is Yellow Quartz. washroom2 has 5 squares in northeast. Besides, balcony1 has Pink Marble floor while wall is Purple Wood_Veneer. balcony1 is in east with 8 square meters. balcony2 has Earth_color Granite floor as well as wall is Red Wood_Grain. balcony2 covers 6 square meters located in west. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 41 square meters. livingroom1 wall is White Marble, and floor is Cement_Board and Blue. kitchen1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Jade and Pink while has Purple Jade floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom3, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has two bedrooms, one study, one balcony, two livingrooms, and two kitchens. In practice, bedroom1 has 14 squares in west. bedroom1 has White Mosaic floor, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. bedroom2 is in center with 14 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Blue while has White Marble floor. Moreover, study1 floor is Purple Wood_Veneer as well as has Purple Rock_Plate wall. study1 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. Additionally, balcony1 has Pink Ceramic_Tile floor, and wall is Ceramics and Blue. balcony1 has 7 squares in west. Besides, livingroom1 has 21 squares in center. livingroom1 has Earth_color Marble floor while wall is Wallpaper and Wood_color. livingroom2 is in southwest with 14 square meters. livingroom2 floor is Wood_color Jade as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color. Moreover, kitchen1 has Orange Rock_Plate floor while wall is Pink Marble. kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. kitchen2 has 5 squares in east. kitchen2 has Blue Quartz wall, and has Yellow Bamboo_Vine floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2, study1, kitchen1, kitchen2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, livingroom2, balcony1. study1 and bedroom2 are connected. livingroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to kitchen2. The building contains two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Granite and Pink, and has White Wallpaper floor. bedroom1 is in east with 16 square meters. bedroom2 has Gray Painted_Wood wall while floor is Wood_color Coating. bedroom2 is in center with 10 square meters. washroom1 floor is Black Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Green Jade. washroom1 has 6 squares in northeast. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. wall of washroom2 is Stone_Brick and Green as well as floor is Yellow Wood_Grain. balcony1 has 8 squares in southwest. wall of balcony1 is Log and Orange, and floor is Orange Ceramics. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Yellow while uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in west. Additionally, kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Orange as well as has Black Wood_Grain wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Orange as well as wall is Gray Wall_Cloth. bedroom2 has 12 squares in southwest. bedroom2 floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine while has Yellow Log wall. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in west. bedroom3 uses Yellow Ceramics for floor, and wall is Granite and Gray. washroom1 uses Purple Granite for floor as well as wall is Log and Red. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. Additionally, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony1 uses Orange Jade for floor, and wall is Wallpaper and Black. Moreover, livingroom1 has 34 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Orange Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as has Yellow Marble wall. Additionally, kitchen1 has 8 squares in southeast. kitchen1 wall is Black Ceramics while floor is Red Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 wall is Black Wood_Veneer, and has Yellow Ceramics floor. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in north. bedroom2 floor is Earth_color Painted_Wood while wall is Orange Ceramics. bedroom2 is in center with 11 square meters. Additionally, bedroom3 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 has Yellow Rock_Plate wall as well as has Yellow Cement_Board floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. washroom1 uses Red Rock_Plate for floor while has Yellow Granite wall. Besides, washroom2 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Painted_Wood and White, and has White Wallpaper floor. balcony1 has 7 squares in east. balcony1 has Gray Cement_Board floor while wall is Black Marble. livingroom1 uses Gray Wood_Grain for floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Black. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. floor of kitchen1 is Coating and White while has Orange Wall_Cloth wall. kitchen1 is in south with 10 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in east with 19 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Orange, and floor is Painted_Wood and Yellow. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Black while uses Yellow Rock_Plate for floor. livingroom1 covers 54 square meters located in south. Additionally, closet1 has Purple Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Mosaic and Purple. closet1 has 6 squares in north. study1 is in west with 21 square meters. study1 wall is Purple Wood_Veneer while floor is Mosaic and Earth_color. bedroom1 has Black Wallpaper floor, and wall is Wallpaper and Yellow. bedroom1 has 21 squares in northwest. bedroom2 wall is Black Wood_Grain as well as has Green Wallpaper floor. bedroom2 is in northeast with 19 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Blue Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Marble and Earth_color. kitchen1 has 7 squares in east. In addition, balcony1 has 5 squares in southwest. balcony1 has Yellow Jade wall while has Red Ceramics floor. study1, bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, closet1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. study1 is next to bedroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is adjacent to closet1. kitchen1, washroom1, closet1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. closet1 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has 6 squares in north. washroom1 floor is Yellow Ceramic_Tile, and has Black Wood_Veneer wall. Moreover, bedroom1 has Black Wall_Cloth floor while has Pink Coating wall. bedroom1 has 15 squares in east. Besides, bedroom2 has 10 squares in west. wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Gray, and uses Red Pure_Color_Wood for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 40 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine while has Red Wallpaper floor. Besides, kitchen1 wall is Gray Stone_Brick, and uses Blue Stone_Brick for floor. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1, kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 5 squares in south. washroom1 has Pink Bamboo_Vine floor, and has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall. Additionally, livingroom1 has 24 squares in west. livingroom1 has Red Wallpaper floor while wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. study1 is in northwest with 10 square meters. study1 has Purple Mosaic wall as well as uses Black Coating for floor. bedroom1 has 15 squares in east. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Pink while has Red Ceramics wall. Moreover, bedroom2 has Gray Cement_Board wall, and has Earth_color Granite floor. bedroom2 is in east with 12 square meters. kitchen1 has Red Wood_Grain floor as well as has Earth_color Painted_Wood wall. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. balcony1 floor is Green Wall_Cloth while wall is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. study1 is next to kitchen1. Building layout contains one washroom, two livingrooms, one closet, one study, one bedroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in southeast. washroom1 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in south. livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Quartz while wall is Red Cement_Board. livingroom2 has Pink Wallpaper wall, and floor is Blue Stone_Brick. livingroom2 is in northeast with 12 square meters. Additionally, closet1 has Orange Granite wall while floor is Pink Quartz. closet1 is in north with 4 square meters. Besides, study1 wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood, and uses Blue Ceramics for floor. study1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Orange while floor is Earth_color Painted_Wood. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray, and wall is Wood_color Ceramics. balcony1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, livingroom2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to livingroom2, study1, closet1. livingroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, closet1. balcony1, closet1 and study1 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to closet1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in northwest with 17 square meters. bedroom1 has Green Rock_Plate floor as well as has Black Wood_Veneer wall. In addition, bedroom2 is in northeast with 15 square meters. bedroom2 floor is White Mosaic while wall is Cement_Board and Gray. Besides, bedroom3 has Green Coating wall, and floor is White Jade. bedroom3 is in southeast with 11 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 has Yellow Log wall as well as has Green Quartz floor. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. In addition, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in west. floor of balcony1 is Jade and White while has Orange Granite wall. livingroom1 wall is Black Log, and has Red Wall_Cloth floor. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. kitchen1 is in east with 4 square meters. kitchen1 has Blue Painted_Wood floor as well as has Green Ceramics wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Red as well as uses Pink Ceramics for floor. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Blue while wall is White Marble. bedroom1 has 14 squares in north. In addition, bedroom2 floor is Green Painted_Wood, and has Yellow Ceramics wall. bedroom2 is in south with 11 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 has Green Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Purple. livingroom1 covers 22 square meters located in center. In addition, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in south. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink while floor is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, two kitchens, and two balconys. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Black as well as floor is Cement_Board and White. washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. Moreover, floor of washroom2 is Mosaic and Gray, and wall is Red Wall_Cloth. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 has 35 squares in west. livingroom1 wall is Black Ceramics as well as has Purple Coating floor. closet1 uses White Pure_Color_Wood for floor while wall is Orange Rock_Plate. closet1 is in east with 4 square meters. Additionally, bedroom1 is in northeast with 17 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Orange Mosaic, and has Gray Jade floor. Moreover, bedroom2 has 13 squares in north. bedroom2 has Earth_color Granite wall as well as uses Purple Cement_Board for floor. bedroom3 is in south with 12 square meters. floor of bedroom3 is Wood_Veneer and Orange, and wall is Orange Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine while floor is Yellow Stone_Brick. kitchen1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. kitchen2 has White Rock_Plate wall as well as has Blue Bamboo_Vine floor. kitchen2 covers 0 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. balcony1 floor is Gray Ceramics while has Gray Wood_Veneer wall. balcony2 has Earth_color Quartz wall, and floor is Ceramics and Green. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, closet1. washroom1, washroom2, balcony2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2, kitchen2. balcony2 and washroom1 are connected. washroom2 is next to closet1. The building contains three washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has White Granite wall as well as has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom2 has Gray Cement_Board wall, and uses Yellow Log for floor. Moreover, washroom3 has 2 squares in center. washroom3 has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 39 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Wood_color while has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine wall. closet1 uses Pink Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Green. closet1 is in north with 6 square meters. study1 is in southeast with 11 square meters. study1 has Yellow Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Red Jade. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in north. bedroom1 wall is Purple Log, and floor is Gray Mosaic. bedroom2 has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor as well as has Red Marble wall. bedroom2 has 12 squares in east. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink while floor is Earth_color Painted_Wood. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in south. Additionally, balcony1 floor is Yellow Rock_Plate as well as has Blue Painted_Wood wall. balcony1 is in southeast with 3 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom3. closet1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to closet1, washroom2, washroom3. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom2, balcony1, washroom3. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. closet1 is next to washroom1. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two corridors, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Purple. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. Additionally, livingroom1 has 23 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Marble and Green, and has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall. Besides, study1 has Green Rock_Plate wall while has Green Ceramics floor. study1 has 6 squares in west. In addition, corridor1 has 1 squares in center. floor of corridor1 is Wall_Cloth and Red as well as has Earth_color Wallpaper wall. wall of corridor2 is Painted_Wood and Black while floor is Wood_Grain and Gray. corridor2 has 1 squares in center. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Orange as well as floor is Red Wood_Grain. Besides, bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 has Blue Stone_Brick wall while has Green Stone_Brick floor. kitchen1 has Gray Log wall as well as floor is Pink Wood_Veneer. kitchen1 has 4 squares in north. Moreover, balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 wall is Red Wallpaper while has Blue Rock_Plate floor. Besides, balcony2 wall is Red Painted_Wood as well as floor is Marble and Blue. balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. bedroom2, study1, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1, corridor1, corridor2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1, balcony1, corridor2. washroom1, kitchen1, balcony2, corridor1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1, corridor2. corridor1 and washroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in north with 22 square meters. bedroom1 uses Blue Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Marble and Earth_color. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Blue Granite while has White Log floor. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. bedroom3 has 10 squares in northwest. floor of bedroom3 is Granite and Green, and wall is Pink Wood_Grain. washroom1 has 5 squares in northwest. washroom1 has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall as well as floor is Quartz and White. Additionally, washroom2 has 5 squares in west. washroom2 floor is Gray Painted_Wood, and wall is Yellow Jade. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in east. balcony1 floor is Gray Quartz as well as wall is Black Ceramics. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Green, and floor is Red Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 is in center with 53 square meters. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. wall of kitchen1 is Granite and Orange as well as has Blue Granite floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in south. bedroom1 floor is White Cement_Board, and has Gray Mosaic wall. wall of bedroom2 is Cement_Board and Yellow as well as has Pink Jade floor. bedroom2 is in northeast with 9 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Log and Earth_color while has Blue Coating floor. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in east. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Black Stone_Brick floor, and has Red Wood_Grain wall. In addition, washroom2 has Green Coating floor while wall is Stone_Brick and Blue. washroom2 is in center with 2 square meters. balcony1 is in south with 5 square meters. balcony1 uses Orange Ceramics for floor, and has Gray Wallpaper wall. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. balcony2 has Purple Quartz floor while has Earth_color Coating wall. Besides, livingroom1 is in center with 33 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Marble and Gray, and wall is Pink Painted_Wood. kitchen1 has 4 squares in north. kitchen1 has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall while floor is Rock_Plate and Yellow. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3. bedroom3, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 is next to balcony2, washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in center. washroom1 uses Purple Log for floor as well as wall is Blue Marble. bedroom1 has Purple Quartz wall while has Orange Wallpaper floor. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in south. livingroom1 has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall as well as floor is Cement_Board and Yellow. livingroom1 is in north with 24 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 uses Pink Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Quartz and Gray. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 floor is Purple Coating, and has Purple Wallpaper wall. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in center. Additionally, bedroom1 has Purple Wall_Cloth wall while uses Wood_color Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom1 is in west with 13 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Orange as well as uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in east. livingroom1 uses Black Coating for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Green. Besides, kitchen1 uses Pink Coating for floor while has Gray Granite wall. kitchen1 is in south with 8 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, and two bedrooms. More specifically, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in south. floor of washroom1 is Ceramics and Yellow, and has Earth_color Marble wall. livingroom1 covers 56 square meters located in west. livingroom1 wall is White Wood_Veneer as well as uses Orange Rock_Plate for floor. closet1 has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Green Pure_Color_Wood. closet1 is in east with 5 square meters. bedroom1 is in northeast with 56 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Earth_color as well as wall is Granite and Green. bedroom2 has Orange Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Blue Quartz. bedroom2 is in southeast with 16 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, closet1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, closet1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to closet1, washroom1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine as well as uses Black Granite for floor. bedroom1 has 32 squares in east. bedroom2 has 21 squares in center. bedroom2 floor is Green Stone_Brick while wall is Marble and Red. bedroom3 uses Yellow Ceramics for floor, and wall is Gray Wood_Veneer. bedroom3 covers 13 square meters located in center. washroom1 has Pink Granite wall while floor is Wood_Grain and Green. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in east. washroom2 covers 6 square meters located in center. wall of washroom2 is Mosaic and Earth_color, and floor is Yellow Marble. Moreover, wall of balcony1 is Jade and Yellow as well as floor is Gray Jade. balcony1 has 8 squares in northwest. Additionally, balcony2 has Gray Cement_Board floor, and wall is Granite and Gray. balcony2 is in southwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 covers 44 square meters located in west. floor of livingroom1 is Jade and Black while wall is White Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 has 8 squares in southwest. kitchen1 wall is Yellow Quartz as well as uses Gray Ceramic_Tile for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Wood_color Wood_Grain. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Orange Jade, and has Green Ceramics wall. livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. Moreover, study1 has Orange Marble floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Orange. study1 has 10 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has 19 squares in northwest. bedroom1 uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and has Black Wallpaper wall. Besides, bedroom2 uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor while has White Wood_Grain wall. bedroom2 has 9 squares in southwest. kitchen1 wall is White Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Cement_Board and Yellow. kitchen1 has 5 squares in south. floor of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Orange, and wall is Log and White. balcony1 is in west with 6 square meters. Additionally, balcony2 has Gray Pure_Color_Wood wall while has Black Granite floor. balcony2 has 3 squares in southeast. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The house plan has one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 uses Earth_color Mosaic for floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. washroom1 is in center with 5 square meters. bedroom1 is in northeast with 13 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Blue Rock_Plate while wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. In addition, bedroom2 has 10 squares in north. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Wall_Cloth, and has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor. bedroom3 has Red Wallpaper floor as well as has Orange Quartz wall. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in center. livingroom1 is in west with 31 square meters. livingroom1 has Wood_color Cement_Board wall, and floor is Earth_color Coating. floor of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Purple while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood as well as has Blue Ceramics wall. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. Moreover, bedroom2 floor is Pink Wall_Cloth while wall is Quartz and Blue. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate, and floor is Granite and Yellow. bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. In addition, washroom1 wall is Yellow Jade as well as floor is Mosaic and Gray. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. balcony1 has Wood_color Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Blue Painted_Wood. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony2 has Orange Jade floor while wall is Green Wood_Veneer. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. livingroom1 has Green Ceramics wall as well as has Earth_color Rock_Plate floor. Besides, kitchen1 uses Red Jade for floor, and has Black Mosaic wall. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one corridor, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has Blue Bamboo_Vine floor, and has Pink Ceramics wall. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Yellow Granite while wall is Wood_Grain and Green. livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. In addition, study1 has 8 squares in north. study1 uses Green Granite for floor as well as wall is Quartz and White. corridor1 covers 4 square meters located in southwest. corridor1 has Pink Rock_Plate wall while floor is Black Wallpaper. Besides, floor of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Black as well as wall is Red Rock_Plate. bedroom1 is in east with 10 square meters. kitchen1 is in west with 5 square meters. kitchen1 has Black Mosaic wall while floor is Wallpaper and Black. In addition, balcony1 uses Black Marble for floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Red. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in east. study1, kitchen1, balcony1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, corridor1. corridor1 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one storage, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in east with 10 square meters. washroom1 has Blue Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Green Mosaic. livingroom1 covers 64 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Red Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Blue Coating. Moreover, study1 is in southwest with 9 square meters. study1 wall is Pink Cement_Board while floor is Rock_Plate and Green. wall of storage1 is Coating and Blue, and floor is Purple Coating. storage1 has 5 squares in west. bedroom1 has Earth_color Quartz floor while wall is Green Rock_Plate. bedroom1 has 11 squares in northeast. In addition, kitchen1 has 8 squares in northwest. kitchen1 uses Yellow Jade for floor, and wall is Earth_color Cement_Board. Besides, balcony1 is in south with 10 square meters. balcony1 wall is Purple Quartz as well as uses White Wood_Grain for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, washroom1, study1, kitchen1, storage1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to study1. study1 is next to storage1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. floor of washroom1 is Mosaic and Gray, and has Red Log wall. Moreover, wall of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Orange as well as floor is Yellow Marble. bedroom1 has 12 squares in west. floor of bedroom2 is Ceramics and Orange while has Gray Wallpaper wall. bedroom2 has 10 squares in east. In addition, livingroom1 uses Red Log for floor as well as has Orange Marble wall. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. kitchen1 has Blue Marble wall while uses Pink Painted_Wood for floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and three bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood, and floor is Stone_Brick and Gray. livingroom1 covers 47 square meters located in west. livingroom1 wall is Black Mosaic while floor is Jade and Wood_color. bedroom1 has Green Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Granite and Black. bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in east. Moreover, bedroom2 has Orange Ceramics wall, and has Blue Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom2 is in center with 9 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Gray Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Red. bedroom3 has 7 squares in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, and one bedroom. Specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in north. wall of washroom1 is Ceramics and Pink as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Blue. washroom2 has 4 squares in northeast. floor of washroom2 is Wood_Grain and Black while wall is Jade and Earth_color. livingroom1 is in east with 26 square meters. livingroom1 has White Marble floor, and has Gray Granite wall. bedroom1 has 34 squares in west. bedroom1 uses Yellow Marble for floor as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Purple. bedroom1 is adjacent to livingroom1, washroom1. livingroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Orange, and has Green Stone_Brick floor. bedroom1 is in west with 10 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 has Gray Mosaic floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Pink. bedroom2 has 9 squares in east. bedroom3 is in west with 6 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Blue Cement_Board, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Blue. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow while wall is Wood_color Granite. In addition, balcony1 is in east with 3 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Jade and Earth_color as well as has Purple Log floor. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow. kitchen1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall as well as uses Earth_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. balcony1 and washroom1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 15 squares in west. bedroom1 has Blue Rock_Plate wall, and uses Blue Pure_Color_Wood for floor. bedroom2 has Green Painted_Wood floor as well as has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in east. Moreover, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. floor of washroom1 is Ceramics and Pink, and wall is Log and Purple. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in west. balcony1 floor is Yellow Ceramic_Tile while wall is Jade and Gray. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. livingroom1 has Green Rock_Plate wall, and has Wood_color Mosaic floor. Besides, kitchen1 floor is Orange Coating as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Purple. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, two livingrooms, and one balcony. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Blue as well as uses Green Wood_Veneer for floor. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in north. bedroom1 covers 23 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray while floor is Yellow Granite. livingroom1 has 17 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Black Marble for floor as well as wall is Pink Mosaic. livingroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. livingroom2 has White Wallpaper wall, and has White Ceramics floor. Additionally, balcony1 has 8 squares in southeast. balcony1 wall is Red Stone_Brick while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. bedroom1 is adjacent to livingroom1, balcony1. livingroom1 is next to livingroom2, balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and livingroom2 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine floor as well as has Blue Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1 has 15 squares in northwest. bedroom2 has 13 squares in northeast. bedroom2 floor is Black Mosaic while wall is Cement_Board and Earth_color. bedroom3 uses Earth_color Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Orange. bedroom3 is in southeast with 10 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Pink, and floor is Quartz and Black. washroom1 has 6 squares in east. wall of washroom2 is Granite and Red while floor is Marble and Earth_color. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony1 has Yellow Jade floor as well as has Red Ceramic_Tile wall. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in west. In addition, wall of balcony2 is Marble and Green while floor is Pink Wood_Grain. balcony2 is in east with 3 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 floor is Green Wood_Veneer as well as has Yellow Ceramic_Tile wall. livingroom1 has 38 squares in center. In addition, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 has White Wood_Grain wall, and uses Pink Granite for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 12 squares in south. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Earth_color, and wall is White Ceramics. In addition, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. floor of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Black as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red while has Green Ceramics floor. Additionally, balcony1 floor is Gray Cement_Board as well as wall is Ceramics and Pink. balcony1 has 5 squares in southeast. In addition, livingroom1 is in east with 30 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and White, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color. kitchen1 is in center with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Green Painted_Wood wall while floor is Pink Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, four bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in southeast. washroom1 has Yellow Cement_Board floor, and has White Cement_Board wall. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom2 floor is Red Quartz as well as wall is White Rock_Plate. wall of livingroom1 is Coating and Black while has Purple Ceramics floor. livingroom1 covers 41 square meters located in center. closet1 is in west with 4 square meters. closet1 has Orange Granite wall, and uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor. Moreover, bedroom1 wall is Red Jade while floor is Granite and Gray. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in southeast. In addition, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 wall is Green Rock_Plate as well as floor is Black Wall_Cloth. bedroom3 is in east with 10 square meters. bedroom3 has Purple Painted_Wood floor while has Gray Log wall. Besides, bedroom4 has 9 squares in center. bedroom4 uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Green Log. wall of kitchen1 is Wall_Cloth and Gray while has Earth_color Wood_Veneer floor. kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. In addition, balcony1 is in south with 5 square meters. balcony1 wall is Wood_color Jade, and has Yellow Painted_Wood floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, bedroom4, balcony1, washroom2, closet1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. balcony1, closet1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to bedroom4, washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has 4 squares in north. wall of washroom1 is Jade and Pink, and floor is Purple Wood_Grain. In addition, bedroom1 wall is Yellow Cement_Board as well as floor is Cement_Board and Red. bedroom1 has 17 squares in northwest. bedroom2 wall is Blue Wood_Grain while has Blue Ceramics floor. bedroom2 has 13 squares in west. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Quartz, and floor is Purple Mosaic. livingroom1 covers 58 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in north. wall of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Purple as well as floor is Wood_color Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 16 squares in northeast. bedroom1 wall is Purple Log, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Purple. bedroom2 has Green Ceramic_Tile wall while uses White Log for floor. bedroom2 has 14 squares in east. bedroom3 has Pink Wood_Veneer floor as well as wall is White Stone_Brick. bedroom3 has 12 squares in northwest. Additionally, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Black while uses Yellow Rock_Plate for floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in northwest. floor of washroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color, and has Gray Stone_Brick wall. Besides, balcony1 has 6 squares in southeast. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Green as well as uses White Rock_Plate for floor. livingroom1 floor is Purple Stone_Brick, and wall is Coating and Orange. livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. Moreover, livingroom2 has Red Cement_Board floor while wall is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom2 covers 14 square meters located in southwest. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in west. kitchen1 wall is Orange Granite as well as floor is Orange Marble. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. livingroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. House has two washrooms, three bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 covers 8 square meters located in north. washroom1 uses Black Granite for floor, and wall is Painted_Wood and Blue. In addition, washroom2 wall is Blue Rock_Plate as well as floor is Cement_Board and Orange. washroom2 is in south with 6 square meters. bedroom1 has 17 squares in northeast. wall of bedroom1 is Coating and Wood_color while has Pink Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Orange, and floor is Blue Coating. Additionally, bedroom3 is in southeast with 14 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Quartz and Orange as well as floor is Granite and Orange. livingroom1 has 45 squares in east. wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Orange while floor is Marble and Red. livingroom2 wall is White Jade as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Pink. livingroom2 has 27 squares in west. Moreover, floor of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Blue while wall is Red Rock_Plate. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in southwest. livingroom2, bedroom1, bedroom3, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. livingroom2 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom2, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has 6 squares in center. washroom1 floor is Blue Rock_Plate, and wall is Wood_color Quartz. study1 has 10 squares in center. wall of study1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Green as well as has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood floor. Additionally, floor of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Green while has White Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1 is in north with 13 square meters. Besides, wall of bedroom2 is Granite and Red as well as floor is Orange Stone_Brick. bedroom2 is in south with 11 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 38 square meters. livingroom1 has White Wood_Grain wall, and uses Earth_color Wood_Grain for floor. Moreover, kitchen1 is in south with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Wood_color Cement_Board floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Orange. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, kitchen1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to study1, kitchen1. washroom1 and study1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in north with 11 square meters. bedroom1 uses Yellow Mosaic for floor, and wall is Green Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in center. floor of bedroom2 is Marble and Green as well as wall is White Bamboo_Vine. wall of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink while uses Black Jade for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. balcony1 is in northeast with 2 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Marble and Gray, and wall is Green Ceramics. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 22 square meters. livingroom1 has Red Wallpaper floor while has Purple Bamboo_Vine wall. kitchen1 has 4 squares in center. kitchen1 has Purple Wood_Veneer wall as well as uses Pink Cement_Board for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom2, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has White Mosaic wall, and floor is Quartz and Yellow. washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. bedroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Red Marble as well as wall is Cement_Board and Pink. In addition, bedroom2 has Blue Wall_Cloth wall, and floor is Black Jade. bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. Besides, floor of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Blue as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. floor of kitchen1 is Granite and White, and wall is Ceramics and Green. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 uses Red Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain. bedroom1 has 13 squares in north. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom2 is Coating and Pink, and uses Blue Stone_Brick for floor. washroom1 has Orange Granite floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and Red. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in north. balcony1 floor is Blue Log while has White Painted_Wood wall. Moreover, livingroom1 has 27 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Wood_color Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and White. kitchen1 uses Blue Ceramic_Tile for floor while has Gray Painted_Wood wall. kitchen1 has 5 squares in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in northeast with 14 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Green Wall_Cloth as well as has Blue Painted_Wood floor. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Jade and Blue while floor is Purple Wall_Cloth. Additionally, washroom1 has 13 squares in west. washroom1 floor is Pink Cement_Board, and wall is Wood_Grain and Green. Besides, balcony1 is in east with 5 square meters. balcony1 floor is Earth_color Quartz as well as wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 has 23 squares in center. livingroom1 has Pink Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Gray. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in west. kitchen1 uses Gray Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Orange Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom1 floor is Purple Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Yellow. Additionally, bedroom2 is in south with 10 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Cement_Board and Green while floor is Marble and Yellow. Moreover, wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and White as well as uses Pink Coating for floor. washroom1 has 6 squares in north. Additionally, balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. floor of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color, and wall is Black Wood_Grain. Besides, balcony2 has Pink Painted_Wood wall while uses Wood_color Jade for floor. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in east. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in west. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Wallpaper as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Purple. Moreover, kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. kitchen1 uses Blue Log for floor, and has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Orange Wallpaper. bedroom1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 uses Gray Log for floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and Pink. bedroom2 covers 6 square meters located in west. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. floor of washroom1 is Mosaic and White as well as wall is Black Wall_Cloth. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in north. balcony1 has Wood_color Wallpaper wall, and has White Bamboo_Vine floor. Besides, livingroom1 wall is Pink Cement_Board while floor is Green Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 covers 19 square meters located in center. kitchen1 uses Purple Mosaic for floor as well as has Purple Jade wall. kitchen1 is in southeast with 11 square meters. kitchen1, bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, floor of washroom1 is Mosaic and Earth_color as well as wall is Blue Ceramic_Tile. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. Moreover, floor of bedroom1 is Coating and Black, and wall is Log and Gray. bedroom1 has 13 squares in west. Besides, bedroom2 wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile as well as floor is Wood_color Marble. bedroom2 covers 7 square meters located in center. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Black while uses Gray Log for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 19 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. kitchen1 uses Black Granite for floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and Green. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color, and has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom1 is in south with 17 square meters. bedroom2 has Red Stone_Brick wall while floor is Blue Cement_Board. bedroom2 is in north with 11 square meters. Additionally, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Pink Ceramics as well as has Wood_color Ceramics floor. Besides, washroom2 is in northwest with 2 square meters. washroom2 wall is Gray Ceramic_Tile while floor is Blue Wood_Grain. In addition, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. balcony1 wall is Green Cement_Board as well as has Gray Ceramics floor. livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. livingroom1 has Yellow Marble wall, and floor is Cement_Board and Earth_color. Additionally, wall of kitchen1 is Rock_Plate and Orange while has Gray Pure_Color_Wood floor. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom2. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 17 squares in west. bedroom1 has Orange Marble floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Black. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine as well as has Gray Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom2 has 10 squares in center. In addition, bedroom3 has Green Wood_Veneer wall while uses Pink Marble for floor. bedroom3 is in south with 8 square meters. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Red Jade wall as well as floor is Quartz and Red. Moreover, washroom2 floor is Red Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Granite and Green. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in south. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Ceramics as well as uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor. balcony1 is in north with 7 square meters. Additionally, balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. balcony2 floor is Gray Wood_Grain while wall is Pink Coating. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in east. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Coating as well as floor is Marble and White. floor of kitchen1 is Wall_Cloth and Yellow, and has Wood_color Wood_Veneer wall. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, balcony2, washroom2. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in northwest with 20 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Log and Purple, and wall is Wallpaper and Red. bedroom2 has 10 squares in northeast. bedroom2 uses Gray Ceramics for floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Yellow. wall of bedroom3 is Rock_Plate and Purple as well as has Black Coating floor. bedroom3 is in east with 52 square meters. washroom1 wall is Red Wood_Veneer, and uses Black Rock_Plate for floor. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Coating and Orange while wall is Rock_Plate and Blue. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. Moreover, balcony1 floor is Pink Painted_Wood, and wall is Stone_Brick and Red. balcony1 is in west with 7 square meters. Additionally, balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. balcony2 has Earth_color Granite floor while wall is Gray Cement_Board. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Green as well as has Green Rock_Plate floor. livingroom1 is in center with 52 square meters. kitchen1 has Wood_color Ceramics wall while has Black Log floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3, washroom2, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. House has one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has Green Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is White Wall_Cloth. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. In addition, bedroom1 wall is Red Cement_Board as well as uses Blue Coating for floor. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 is in east with 10 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Coating and Black, and has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall. Besides, bedroom3 has 3 squares in east. bedroom3 has Blue Ceramics wall as well as floor is Green Wallpaper. In addition, livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in west. livingroom1 wall is Blue Coating, and floor is Gray Marble. kitchen1 wall is Orange Wood_Veneer as well as has Earth_color Wallpaper floor. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, bedroom3. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, two livingrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 has Blue Cement_Board wall as well as has Pink Quartz floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in east. Additionally, washroom2 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom2 floor is Blue Jade while has Earth_color Marble wall. livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. livingroom1 has Red Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Red. Moreover, floor of livingroom2 is Wallpaper and Purple while wall is Cement_Board and Blue. livingroom2 is in west with 21 square meters. wall of study1 is Wood_Grain and Orange as well as floor is Coating and Orange. study1 is in north with 14 square meters. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in southeast. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Green while wall is Blue Cement_Board. bedroom2 wall is Blue Wallpaper, and floor is Wood_color Cement_Board. bedroom2 is in northeast with 15 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 wall is Blue Wallpaper while uses Blue Coating for floor. kitchen1 is in northwest with 9 square meters. Besides, balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in south. floor of balcony1 is Marble and Black, and wall is Log and Pink. In addition, balcony2 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony2 wall is Red Marble as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Green. livingroom1 is adjacent to livingroom2, bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, washroom2. study1, kitchen1, balcony2 and livingroom2 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom2. washroom1 is next to washroom2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Red Wood_Grain wall as well as uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom1 has 18 squares in northeast. bedroom2 uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor while has Yellow Mosaic wall. bedroom2 has 13 squares in southwest. Additionally, bedroom3 has Purple Coating wall, and floor is Gray Ceramic_Tile. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, washroom1 wall is Gray Wallpaper while has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood floor. washroom1 is in north with 6 square meters. In addition, wall of washroom2 is Mosaic and Gray, and has Green Bamboo_Vine floor. washroom2 is in north with 5 square meters. Moreover, balcony1 has Purple Coating floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Purple. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in east. Additionally, floor of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Green, and wall is Log and Wood_color. livingroom1 covers 39 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in west. kitchen1 has Green Ceramic_Tile floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and White. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. Specifically, washroom1 has Wood_color Cement_Board floor, and wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine. washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Blue as well as uses Green Coating for floor. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in center. Moreover, bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. bedroom1 floor is Gray Marble while wall is Coating and Yellow. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 wall is Pink Wallpaper, and has Orange Log floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in south. livingroom1 has Orange Ceramics wall as well as uses Earth_color Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 is in east with 35 square meters. study1 is in center with 11 square meters. study1 has Earth_color Ceramics floor while has Yellow Jade wall. bedroom1 has 16 squares in west. bedroom1 wall is Green Wallpaper as well as uses Orange Jade for floor. In addition, bedroom2 has 14 squares in west. bedroom2 has White Log floor, and wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine. Besides, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in east. kitchen1 uses Pink Jade for floor as well as wall is Granite and Red. In addition, balcony1 floor is Blue Cement_Board, and has Green Wallpaper wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. study1 and bedroom2 are connected. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 uses Gray Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Gray. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. Additionally, bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. floor of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and White while has Wood_color Wallpaper wall. wall of bedroom2 is Marble and Earth_color, and floor is Wood_Grain and Blue. bedroom2 is in west with 5 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Black Wallpaper as well as wall is Mosaic and Wood_color. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Granite and Yellow while floor is Wood_color Wood_Veneer. kitchen1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Purple Stone_Brick as well as floor is Orange Rock_Plate. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom2 has Orange Granite wall while floor is Red Log. livingroom1 is in center with 43 square meters. livingroom1 has White Ceramics wall, and has Pink Wood_Grain floor. study1 wall is White Cement_Board while has Gray Coating floor. study1 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, bedroom1 has 18 squares in southeast. bedroom1 floor is Red Rock_Plate, and wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 covers 17 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 has Wood_color Cement_Board wall while floor is Wood_Veneer and Black. bedroom3 is in west with 14 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Yellow Jade, and floor is Mosaic and Blue. Besides, kitchen1 is in southwest with 8 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Granite and Pink as well as uses Earth_color Wood_Veneer for floor. Additionally, balcony1 floor is Pink Cement_Board, and wall is Marble and Black. balcony1 has 8 squares in east. Besides, balcony2 wall is Pink Ceramics as well as floor is Stone_Brick and Gray. balcony2 is in west with 4 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2. balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to study1, balcony2. washroom2 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one corridor, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 3 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Wood_color Wood_Veneer. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in south. washroom2 has Yellow Quartz floor, and wall is Red Cement_Board. floor of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Wood_color while wall is Orange Wallpaper. livingroom1 covers 41 square meters located in center. corridor1 is in north with 2 square meters. corridor1 has Yellow Wallpaper floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Wood_color. floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Gray as well as wall is Orange Marble. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in southwest. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and White while uses Black Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom3 uses Red Marble for floor as well as has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall. bedroom3 is in northeast with 8 square meters. In addition, wall of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Green, and has Yellow Mosaic floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in northeast. balcony1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. balcony1 wall is Pink Wood_Grain while has Purple Jade floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, corridor1. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, corridor1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1. washroom1 is next to corridor1. House has two bedrooms, three washrooms, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile, and has Yellow Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom1 is in east with 22 square meters. bedroom2 has 18 squares in west. floor of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Orange as well as wall is Pink Marble. Additionally, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. washroom1 uses Yellow Log for floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Blue. In addition, washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom2 wall is Red Coating as well as uses Yellow Ceramic_Tile for floor. Additionally, washroom3 has 4 squares in north. wall of washroom3 is Cement_Board and Black while uses Blue Log for floor. balcony1 has 6 squares in east. balcony1 has Green Wall_Cloth wall, and has Blue Cement_Board floor. livingroom1 is in center with 31 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Yellow as well as has Green Quartz wall. In addition, livingroom2 is in west with 13 square meters. livingroom2 has Pink Coating floor while wall is Ceramics and Gray. kitchen1 has White Granite floor, and wall is Blue Cement_Board. kitchen1 has 9 squares in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2, balcony1, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to livingroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. livingroom2 is next to kitchen1. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom3. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Jade and Purple, and has Pink Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom1 is in north with 13 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 is in center with 8 square meters. bedroom2 uses Yellow Wood_Grain for floor as well as wall is Quartz and Green. Moreover, bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 floor is Red Stone_Brick, and wall is Wood_Grain and Green. washroom1 uses Pink Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as wall is Granite and Blue. washroom1 is in west with 3 square meters. In addition, balcony1 wall is Yellow Wall_Cloth while floor is Mosaic and Green. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in south. livingroom1 wall is Red Jade as well as floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. Additionally, floor of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Orange, and wall is Green Coating. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Red Cement_Board wall as well as has Orange Quartz floor. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in northeast. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue, and has Blue Granite floor. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom3 has 13 squares in north. bedroom3 floor is Yellow Wallpaper as well as wall is Jade and Red. Moreover, washroom1 has 6 squares in south. floor of washroom1 is Marble and Purple, and has Pink Cement_Board wall. washroom2 has Blue Granite wall while has Pink Coating floor. washroom2 has 5 squares in east. In addition, balcony1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. balcony1 uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor as well as has Pink Painted_Wood wall. Besides, floor of balcony2 is Mosaic and Yellow while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. balcony2 has 5 squares in north. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Orange, and floor is Purple Quartz. livingroom1 is in west with 37 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Orange Cement_Board while wall is Log and Black. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony2, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. floor of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color, and wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom2 wall is Red Wood_Grain while uses Gray Quartz for floor. In addition, bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. bedroom3 has Green Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Pink Rock_Plate. washroom1 has Wood_color Jade wall as well as floor is Yellow Stone_Brick. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. Besides, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 has Blue Painted_Wood wall, and has Black Ceramic_Tile floor. Moreover, balcony2 has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall while floor is Marble and Red. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is White Jade as well as wall is Wood_color Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. floor of kitchen1 is Quartz and Wood_color while wall is Yellow Ceramics. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in west. floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue as well as has White Pure_Color_Wood wall. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Wallpaper while has Earth_color Painted_Wood floor. bedroom1 has 12 squares in center. bedroom1 has Red Cement_Board floor as well as has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Red Wood_Veneer floor as well as wall is Wood_color Jade. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 uses Purple Ceramics for floor while wall is Wood_Veneer and Blue. bedroom2 is in north with 10 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Orange Quartz, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Green. bedroom3 has 8 squares in northeast. Moreover, washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom1 floor is Purple Mosaic while wall is Wood_Veneer and Red. washroom2 floor is Gray Coating, and has Earth_color Granite wall. washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. balcony1 has Wood_color Ceramics floor as well as has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall. balcony2 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Red Cement_Board. balcony2 has 4 squares in northwest. In addition, livingroom1 has Red Wallpaper wall while uses Wood_color Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 has 42 squares in center. kitchen1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Yellow Coating as well as floor is Blue Wood_Grain. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, balcony2, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. washroom1 is next to washroom2. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in west with 15 square meters. bedroom1 has Wood_color Ceramics floor as well as has Gray Granite wall. bedroom2 floor is Pink Mosaic while wall is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. bedroom2 has 10 squares in northeast. floor of bedroom3 is Marble and Black as well as wall is Yellow Ceramics. bedroom3 is in north with 9 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Quartz and Purple, and floor is Wallpaper and Wood_color. washroom1 is in northwest with 4 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 floor is Red Granite as well as wall is White Rock_Plate. washroom2 has 3 squares in east. balcony1 floor is Black Log, and wall is Wallpaper and Gray. balcony1 is in southwest with 9 square meters. livingroom1 uses White Coating for floor while wall is Wood_color Marble. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in south. kitchen1 has Purple Wallpaper wall, and floor is Green Jade. kitchen1 is in east with 9 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains two washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, floor of washroom1 is Coating and Black as well as has Yellow Wood_Grain wall. washroom1 has 6 squares in east. washroom2 wall is Wood_color Marble while floor is Wall_Cloth and White. washroom2 has 3 squares in east. Additionally, study1 wall is Black Mosaic, and has Gray Marble floor. study1 is in south with 11 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Quartz and Purple as well as wall is Yellow Jade. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in southeast. Moreover, bedroom2 has 12 squares in northeast. floor of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Pink. wall of livingroom1 is Granite and White while uses Pink Stone_Brick for floor. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. livingroom2 uses Pink Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. livingroom2 covers 18 square meters located in west. kitchen1 has Yellow Wall_Cloth wall, and floor is Yellow Wood_Grain. kitchen1 is in west with 11 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to livingroom2, bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom2. study1, kitchen1 and livingroom2 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to study1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. House has one washroom, one study, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Log and Blue as well as has White Marble floor. washroom1 covers 2 square meters located in southeast. study1 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. study1 wall is Red Wood_Grain while has Black Wood_Veneer floor. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Orange Wall_Cloth, and floor is Pink Stone_Brick. livingroom1 has 21 squares in center. bedroom1 has 10 squares in west. bedroom1 wall is Green Stone_Brick while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Black. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, washroom1. study1 and bedroom1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Black Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Green Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in north. floor of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Orange while wall is Painted_Wood and Black. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 has Wood_color Jade wall as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. Besides, floor of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Gray, and has Green Stone_Brick wall. balcony1 has 5 squares in southeast. Additionally, balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in northwest. balcony2 uses Orange Cement_Board for floor while has Pink Wood_Veneer wall. Moreover, livingroom1 has Red Mosaic wall, and floor is Blue Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 has 20 squares in center. floor of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Pink while wall is Cement_Board and Orange. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom1 has Gray Log wall, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Orange. In addition, wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Gray while has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. Besides, bedroom3 has Orange Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Orange. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. In addition, washroom1 uses White Jade for floor, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Red. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Purple while floor is Log and Blue. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. Additionally, balcony2 uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor, and has Gray Mosaic wall. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. livingroom1 has White Quartz wall while floor is Black Quartz. In addition, kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. kitchen1 has Pink Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Mosaic and Yellow. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 13 squares in east. floor of bedroom1 is Jade and Earth_color, and wall is Stone_Brick and Yellow. bedroom2 has Black Rock_Plate wall as well as floor is Red Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 is in center with 9 square meters. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom3 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink while floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine. washroom1 floor is Wood_color Granite, and has Orange Stone_Brick wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. balcony1 has Earth_color Ceramics wall while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Red. balcony1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is in west with 26 square meters. livingroom1 uses Red Log for floor, and wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood. Additionally, kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. kitchen1 has Green Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Purple Coating. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, two livingrooms, one corridor, and one kitchen. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Wallpaper and Earth_color, and wall is Coating and Green. washroom1 has 6 squares in center. bedroom1 has Earth_color Rock_Plate floor as well as wall is Orange Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1 is in east with 18 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Blue Cement_Board while has Yellow Jade wall. bedroom2 is in east with 17 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 is in west with 20 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Orange Cement_Board as well as uses White Jade for floor. livingroom2 uses Yellow Coating for floor, and has Yellow Jade wall. livingroom2 is in center with 18 square meters. In addition, corridor1 has 5 squares in west. wall of corridor1 is Granite and Earth_color while floor is Orange Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 has 8 squares in center. kitchen1 has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall as well as has Red Cement_Board floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to livingroom2, kitchen1, corridor1. bedroom1 is next to livingroom2, bedroom2. bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, corridor1 and livingroom2 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Yellow Log floor as well as has Blue Marble wall. bedroom1 is in east with 13 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 has Black Granite floor while wall is Green Marble. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in south. Moreover, bedroom3 is in northeast with 9 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Earth_color Coating as well as uses Orange Jade for floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Yellow Bamboo_Vine floor while has Black Rock_Plate wall. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Purple as well as uses Black Cement_Board for floor. balcony1 has 3 squares in north. Besides, livingroom1 has Orange Stone_Brick wall while floor is Cement_Board and Pink. livingroom1 is in west with 33 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 has 6 squares in northwest. kitchen1 wall is Green Cement_Board as well as floor is Black Ceramics. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. washroom1, balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, three washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has White Ceramics wall as well as has Purple Granite floor. bedroom1 has 12 squares in south. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Earth_color Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Yellow Cement_Board. bedroom2 has 8 squares in center. Besides, bedroom3 has 6 squares in northwest. wall of bedroom3 is Jade and Black while floor is Blue Ceramics. washroom1 has Pink Wood_Veneer floor, and has White Wood_Grain wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in center. Moreover, washroom2 has Purple Rock_Plate floor as well as has Earth_color Cement_Board wall. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in north. washroom3 floor is Orange Coating, and has Wood_color Rock_Plate wall. washroom3 covers 2 square meters located in north. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 floor is Gray Pure_Color_Wood while has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange, and has Purple Stone_Brick floor. livingroom1 has 31 squares in west. Besides, kitchen1 has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor while has Pink Mosaic wall. kitchen1 is in north with 11 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1, washroom3. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2, washroom3. washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom2 is next to washroom3. The house plan has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine, and has Purple Painted_Wood wall. bedroom1 is in west with 8 square meters. washroom1 is in center with 3 square meters. washroom1 wall is Blue Stone_Brick while uses Red Pure_Color_Wood for floor. balcony1 is in northwest with 4 square meters. balcony1 wall is Green Bamboo_Vine as well as has Gray Rock_Plate floor. livingroom1 is in north with 16 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Pink Stone_Brick while has Yellow Log floor. Additionally, kitchen1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Ceramics, and floor is Gray Wallpaper. bedroom1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Blue Mosaic as well as has Gray Wood_Grain floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom2 has 4 squares in east. washroom2 floor is Blue Quartz, and wall is Stone_Brick and Red. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Marble and Green while has Pink Wallpaper wall. livingroom1 covers 46 square meters located in center. Moreover, study1 is in north with 10 square meters. study1 floor is Red Jade, and has Red Cement_Board wall. Besides, bedroom1 wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine while uses Yellow Jade for floor. bedroom1 is in southeast with 18 square meters. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 floor is Green Marble, and wall is Rock_Plate and Black. kitchen1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Granite and Gray while wall is Ceramics and Purple. balcony1 floor is Wood_color Quartz as well as wall is Red Rock_Plate. balcony1 is in south with 8 square meters. In addition, balcony2 has White Quartz wall while floor is Log and Earth_color. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Wood_color, and has Purple Log floor. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northeast. Additionally, bedroom2 uses Black Rock_Plate for floor while wall is White Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 is in north with 10 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Wood_Veneer and Black, and floor is Granite and Red. bedroom3 is in southeast with 9 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 has White Stone_Brick wall while uses Blue Marble for floor. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in center. Besides, washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in east. washroom2 floor is Gray Wallpaper, and wall is Pink Painted_Wood. Moreover, balcony1 wall is Black Mosaic as well as uses Purple Stone_Brick for floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. Besides, livingroom1 has Orange Wood_Veneer wall while floor is White Mosaic. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in west. wall of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Orange as well as has Blue Quartz floor. kitchen1 is in south with 9 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color as well as uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom1 has 12 squares in center. bedroom2 has 9 squares in east. bedroom2 floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Purple Ceramic_Tile. Additionally, washroom1 has 4 squares in south. washroom1 wall is Black Ceramics while floor is Black Wood_Veneer. Besides, balcony1 has Black Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Coating and Earth_color. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, wall of balcony2 is Ceramics and Gray while uses Green Stone_Brick for floor. balcony2 has 4 squares in south. livingroom1 uses White Wood_Grain for floor as well as wall is Ceramics and Red. livingroom1 has 30 squares in west. kitchen1 has White Jade wall, and floor is Earth_color Mosaic. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Green, and floor is Black Granite. bedroom1 is in southeast with 13 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 has 9 squares in south. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramics and White while uses Green Wood_Veneer for floor. In addition, bedroom3 has 8 squares in center. bedroom3 floor is Blue Log as well as has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall. floor of washroom1 is Coating and Wood_color, and wall is Wood_color Quartz. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom2 is in center with 4 square meters. washroom2 floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick while wall is Black Rock_Plate. Moreover, balcony1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Log and Orange as well as uses Wood_color Mosaic for floor. Besides, livingroom1 is in west with 32 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color, and floor is Wallpaper and Earth_color. kitchen1 is in north with 12 square meters. kitchen1 has Earth_color Coating wall as well as has Gray Wallpaper floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3, washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. More specifically, washroom1 uses Wood_color Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as has Gray Wood_Grain wall. washroom1 covers 9 square meters located in center. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Blue Rock_Plate while wall is Yellow Wood_Grain. livingroom1 covers 45 square meters located in center. bedroom1 has 15 squares in east. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Green as well as uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom2 has Orange Ceramics wall, and floor is Pink Mosaic. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. More specifically, washroom1 has Blue Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Yellow Granite. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in west. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color as well as uses Red Pure_Color_Wood for floor. livingroom1 has 42 squares in center. In addition, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in south. floor of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Gray while wall is Rock_Plate and Black. Additionally, bedroom2 has 12 squares in north. bedroom2 uses Blue Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Ceramics and Earth_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in northeast with 17 square meters. bedroom1 has Black Quartz wall, and floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine. Additionally, bedroom2 has Red Bamboo_Vine wall while uses Red Mosaic for floor. bedroom2 has 14 squares in southwest. Moreover, wall of bedroom3 is Painted_Wood and Black, and has Orange Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. In addition, washroom1 has 4 squares in north. wall of washroom1 is Quartz and White while has Orange Coating floor. washroom2 has Pink Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Granite and Blue. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in north. Moreover, balcony1 has 6 squares in east. balcony1 has Gray Granite wall while floor is Green Wood_Veneer. Additionally, floor of livingroom1 is Marble and Earth_color as well as wall is Jade and Red. livingroom1 is in center with 34 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 has 5 squares in west. kitchen1 uses Pink Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. kitchen1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 uses Purple Log for floor, and wall is Black Marble. In addition, bedroom2 has 12 squares in south. bedroom2 floor is White Wood_Veneer while wall is Black Cement_Board. Additionally, bedroom3 wall is Gray Wood_Veneer, and floor is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. Besides, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Purple Log wall while floor is Ceramics and Pink. Additionally, washroom2 has 4 squares in west. washroom2 has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall as well as has Gray Granite floor. balcony1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. balcony1 wall is Blue Rock_Plate, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Purple. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in north. balcony2 has Green Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as has Wood_color Log wall. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Earth_color, and wall is White Cement_Board. livingroom1 covers 42 square meters located in east. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray while floor is Stone_Brick and Orange. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 is next to balcony2. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. washroom1 has Earth_color Quartz wall as well as uses Earth_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Blue, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and White. bedroom1 is in east with 18 square meters. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom2 uses Yellow Stone_Brick for floor while has Green Cement_Board wall. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in west. livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Wall_Cloth as well as has Black Jade wall. Additionally, kitchen1 has Orange Mosaic floor, and has Blue Stone_Brick wall. kitchen1 has 6 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, kitchen1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in center. bedroom1 wall is Orange Quartz as well as has Pink Log floor. bedroom2 uses Blue Granite for floor, and wall is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 has 12 squares in southwest. In addition, washroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall as well as has White Ceramic_Tile floor. washroom1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. balcony1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. balcony1 wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer, and uses Pink Jade for floor. livingroom1 wall is Pink Wall_Cloth while floor is Red Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 has 31 squares in center. kitchen1 has White Ceramic_Tile wall, and floor is Log and Blue. kitchen1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow. Moreover, washroom2 wall is Wood_color Granite as well as floor is Wood_Grain and Pink. washroom2 is in west with 5 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 uses Blue Granite for floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and Blue. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in east. study1 is in south with 9 square meters. wall of study1 is Wall_Cloth and White as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Yellow. bedroom1 uses Yellow Coating for floor while has Red Rock_Plate wall. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in northwest. In addition, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in north. bedroom2 has Blue Cement_Board wall as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Orange. kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Jade while has White Rock_Plate floor. kitchen1 has 8 squares in southeast. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. floor of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink, and wall is Earth_color Wall_Cloth. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, washroom2. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 15 squares in north. floor of bedroom1 is Quartz and Wood_color as well as wall is Wallpaper and Red. bedroom2 wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine, and floor is Green Ceramics. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in north. Additionally, bedroom3 has Blue Wood_Veneer wall while floor is Red Wood_Grain. bedroom3 has 8 squares in center. Besides, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. washroom1 wall is Pink Jade, and has White Ceramic_Tile floor. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Wallpaper and Red while wall is Black Wood_Grain. balcony1 has 4 squares in north. livingroom1 has Black Log wall, and floor is Blue Cement_Board. livingroom1 is in south with 29 square meters. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Black as well as wall is Earth_color Marble. kitchen1 has 8 squares in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 16 squares in southwest. bedroom1 has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Pink Wood_Grain. wall of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Gray, and has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom2 has 11 squares in southeast. Additionally, bedroom3 is in northwest with 11 square meters. bedroom3 uses Earth_color Quartz for floor while has White Jade wall. In addition, washroom1 has Earth_color Granite wall, and floor is Earth_color Granite. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. Besides, washroom2 has 3 squares in west. washroom2 uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as has White Wallpaper wall. Moreover, balcony1 has Red Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Granite and Gray. balcony1 has 7 squares in south. balcony2 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony2 floor is Green Stone_Brick as well as wall is Red Quartz. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Pink Rock_Plate wall while floor is Jade and Green. Additionally, kitchen1 is in north with 8 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Marble and White, and floor is Red Ceramics. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, balcony2, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony2, washroom2. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 2 squares in northwest. wall of washroom1 is Mosaic and Blue as well as uses Black Ceramics for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in east. wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Black while floor is Wall_Cloth and Red. Besides, storage1 has Blue Ceramics floor, and wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine. storage1 covers 8 square meters located in south. Moreover, wall of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Red while has White Painted_Wood floor. bedroom1 has 16 squares in southwest. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in west. bedroom2 wall is Blue Jade, and has Earth_color Log floor. Besides, kitchen1 has Orange Quartz wall while has Orange Marble floor. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Orange Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Purple Log. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, storage1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, storage1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. storage1 is next to balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one bedroom, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in west with 15 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Red as well as has Pink Painted_Wood wall. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 uses Gray Wallpaper for floor, and has Purple Granite wall. washroom2 has 2 squares in center. washroom2 has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Green Granite. balcony1 has White Wall_Cloth floor while wall is White Pure_Color_Wood. balcony1 is in southwest with 9 square meters. balcony2 has 4 squares in east. balcony2 wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood as well as has Wood_color Wall_Cloth floor. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 44 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Coating and Gray, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Green. Besides, kitchen1 has 6 squares in northeast. kitchen1 has Green Granite wall as well as has Blue Wood_Grain floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom2. balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in center with 13 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Gray Ceramics, and wall is Pink Rock_Plate. washroom1 is in southeast with 3 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Granite and Red while floor is Orange Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in north. balcony1 has Yellow Ceramic_Tile wall, and uses White Quartz for floor. livingroom1 has 12 squares in south. wall of livingroom1 is Jade and Green while uses Yellow Wallpaper for floor. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 has White Coating wall as well as floor is Wood_color Wood_Grain. livingroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. livingroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in southwest with 20 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple, and floor is White Bamboo_Vine. In addition, bedroom2 floor is Orange Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Yellow. bedroom2 is in southeast with 17 square meters. Besides, washroom1 is in northeast with 9 square meters. washroom1 has Yellow Ceramics wall while uses Earth_color Marble for floor. In addition, floor of washroom2 is Wallpaper and Orange, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Purple. washroom2 has 5 squares in south. balcony1 is in east with 10 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Ceramics and Wood_color as well as has Gray Pure_Color_Wood floor. wall of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Red, and uses Orange Wall_Cloth for floor. livingroom1 is in west with 36 square meters. Additionally, livingroom2 covers 19 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom2 is Wood_Grain and Red while wall is Wood_color Mosaic. kitchen1 has 11 squares in north. kitchen1 has Red Painted_Wood wall as well as uses Wood_color Wood_Grain for floor. bedroom1, livingroom2, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom2. bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom2 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1, washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains four bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in west. bedroom1 uses White Granite for floor as well as wall is Quartz and Earth_color. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in south. bedroom2 has Red Coating wall while floor is White Pure_Color_Wood. wall of bedroom3 is Jade and Yellow, and floor is Stone_Brick and Yellow. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in south. Additionally, wall of bedroom4 is Jade and White while floor is Wood_Grain and White. bedroom4 has 8 squares in west. In addition, washroom1 floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood, and wall is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. washroom2 floor is Green Wall_Cloth as well as wall is White Cement_Board. Additionally, balcony1 has 6 squares in north. balcony1 wall is Pink Marble while floor is Gray Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 has Yellow Quartz floor, and wall is Black Granite. livingroom1 has 31 squares in center. Moreover, kitchen1 has 7 squares in east. kitchen1 wall is White Painted_Wood while uses Black Coating for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, bedroom4, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom4, washroom1. bedroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2. bedroom4 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in southeast. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Blue, and has Black Stone_Brick floor. bedroom2 floor is Green Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Blue Wood_Veneer. bedroom2 is in center with 14 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 has 5 squares in east. washroom1 has Orange Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Red Marble. Besides, wall of balcony1 is Ceramics and Orange as well as floor is Jade and Black. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in west. Additionally, livingroom1 has 31 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Orange, and has Gray Pure_Color_Wood floor. Besides, kitchen1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Purple Stone_Brick as well as has Red Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, and one bedroom. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer as well as has White Ceramic_Tile floor. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 has 41 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Green, and floor is Black Quartz. closet1 has 3 squares in center. wall of closet1 is Granite and Green as well as uses Black Wallpaper for floor. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in east. bedroom1 has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall while floor is Wallpaper and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1, closet1. closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 13 squares in west. bedroom1 floor is Black Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Purple Mosaic. bedroom2 has 11 squares in east. floor of bedroom2 is Jade and Red while wall is Orange Painted_Wood. bedroom3 is in southeast with 8 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Red Painted_Wood as well as wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine. In addition, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 floor is Red Wall_Cloth, and wall is Yellow Log. Moreover, balcony1 is in west with 10 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink as well as has Orange Mosaic floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has 34 squares in center. livingroom1 has Orange Wood_Veneer floor while wall is Orange Stone_Brick. kitchen1 has Yellow Wallpaper floor, and wall is Coating and Green. kitchen1 is in center with 8 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3, kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 wall is Orange Jade as well as floor is Stone_Brick and White. bedroom1 has 16 squares in north. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Blue, and wall is Granite and Wood_color. Moreover, washroom1 wall is Yellow Jade as well as floor is Red Pure_Color_Wood. washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. balcony1 floor is Gray Bamboo_Vine, and has Black Granite wall. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. In addition, floor of balcony2 is Rock_Plate and Purple while wall is Wood_color Granite. balcony2 has 5 squares in south. Besides, livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has Green Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Ceramics and Purple. kitchen1 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall, and has Red Quartz floor. kitchen1 is in south with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony2, washroom1. balcony2, washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony2 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in northwest with 13 square meters. bedroom1 has Blue Wood_Veneer floor as well as wall is Green Wood_Grain. floor of bedroom2 is Cement_Board and Blue, and wall is Cement_Board and Gray. bedroom2 is in southwest with 10 square meters. Additionally, washroom1 wall is Purple Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Orange Bamboo_Vine. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. Moreover, balcony1 has 3 squares in southeast. balcony1 uses Red Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Green Ceramics. livingroom1 floor is White Painted_Wood as well as wall is Ceramics and Purple. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. Besides, kitchen1 wall is Yellow Mosaic while uses Black Rock_Plate for floor. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Wood_color, and has Blue Mosaic wall. bedroom1 is in east with 12 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 is in southwest with 10 square meters. bedroom2 uses Orange Rock_Plate for floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Green. Besides, washroom1 has Black Jade floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. washroom1 is in east with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Ceramics and Purple. balcony1 is in north with 5 square meters. livingroom1 covers 22 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Pink Mosaic while uses Wood_color Wood_Grain for floor. In addition, kitchen1 uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor, and wall is Green Stone_Brick. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 is next to kitchen1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Red as well as floor is Mosaic and Green. bedroom1 has 19 squares in south. Additionally, bedroom2 is in north with 15 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Quartz and Orange, and wall is Quartz and Wood_color. bedroom3 has Wood_color Quartz floor as well as has Green Ceramics wall. bedroom3 covers 13 square meters located in north. In addition, washroom1 uses Green Cement_Board for floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color. washroom1 has 5 squares in east. washroom2 has Green Ceramics wall, and floor is Earth_color Log. washroom2 has 5 squares in east. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Cement_Board while floor is Stone_Brick and Orange. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Earth_color Wallpaper floor, and has White Quartz wall. Moreover, kitchen1 has Earth_color Wallpaper floor while has Orange Wall_Cloth wall. kitchen1 has 11 squares in northwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, three bedrooms, three livingrooms, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has Purple Cement_Board floor, and wall is Gray Wallpaper. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. bedroom1 has 16 squares in southwest. wall of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Blue as well as has Orange Ceramic_Tile floor. wall of bedroom2 is Jade and Gray while floor is Log and Gray. bedroom2 has 15 squares in southeast. bedroom3 is in west with 11 square meters. bedroom3 uses Pink Wood_Grain for floor as well as wall is Orange Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 has Yellow Marble floor, and wall is Black Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 has 20 squares in center. Moreover, livingroom2 floor is Purple Painted_Wood as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Black. livingroom2 is in north with 15 square meters. livingroom3 is in south with 15 square meters. livingroom3 wall is White Wood_Veneer, and floor is Pink Wall_Cloth. floor of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color as well as wall is Jade and White. balcony1 has 12 squares in south. bedroom1, livingroom2, livingroom3, bedroom2, bedroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to livingroom3, bedroom3. washroom1 and livingroom2 are connected. livingroom3 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Green Marble. bedroom1 covers 20 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 has 14 squares in northeast. bedroom2 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall, and floor is Wood_Grain and Yellow. Moreover, floor of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Blue while has Orange Stone_Brick wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. Additionally, washroom2 has White Wall_Cloth wall as well as uses Wood_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in east. In addition, balcony1 uses White Log for floor while wall is Blue Rock_Plate. balcony1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. Besides, wall of balcony2 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray, and has Yellow Jade floor. balcony2 covers 5 square meters located in north. Moreover, livingroom1 has Green Quartz floor while has Black Painted_Wood wall. livingroom1 has 57 squares in west. Besides, kitchen1 has 6 squares in northwest. kitchen1 uses Blue Granite for floor, and has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony2, washroom2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony2 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 wall is Wood_color Jade as well as uses Purple Ceramic_Tile for floor. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in west. In addition, bedroom2 has Earth_color Coating floor while wall is Mosaic and Purple. bedroom2 has 10 squares in southeast. washroom1 wall is Green Wood_Grain as well as has Pink Painted_Wood floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in southwest. balcony1 has Red Jade wall while uses Gray Wood_Grain for floor. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Additionally, balcony2 uses Black Granite for floor, and wall is Quartz and Blue. balcony2 has 5 squares in northwest. Moreover, livingroom1 has White Rock_Plate wall while uses Gray Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. Besides, kitchen1 floor is Blue Wallpaper as well as has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile wall. kitchen1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony2, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony2 and balcony1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, floor of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Yellow as well as wall is Purple Marble. bedroom1 is in west with 16 square meters. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has Green Jade wall, and uses Black Painted_Wood for floor. Moreover, bedroom3 has 11 squares in center. bedroom3 wall is Yellow Mosaic while uses Orange Coating for floor. Additionally, washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 uses Earth_color Wall_Cloth for floor, and has Red Wallpaper wall. Besides, washroom2 floor is Earth_color Wood_Grain while has Orange Wood_Veneer wall. washroom2 is in east with 3 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 is in north with 7 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Orange as well as floor is Pink Jade. Besides, livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Mosaic while floor is Black Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 has Black Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Purple Rock_Plate. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom2. House has two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 wall is Pink Wood_Grain, and uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor. bedroom1 is in northwest with 20 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Rock_Plate while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. bedroom2 has 15 squares in west. In addition, washroom1 wall is White Wood_Grain, and floor is Earth_color Quartz. washroom1 is in northeast with 10 square meters. washroom2 covers 8 square meters located in north. washroom2 has Yellow Jade floor as well as has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. wall of balcony1 is Rock_Plate and White while has Earth_color Wallpaper floor. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Mosaic as well as floor is Blue Marble. livingroom1 is in south with 53 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 has Orange Ceramics floor, and wall is Orange Coating. kitchen1 is in east with 10 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 wall is Purple Bamboo_Vine, and has Green Log floor. washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in east. bedroom1 has Gray Coating floor while wall is Orange Marble. livingroom1 is in center with 26 square meters. livingroom1 has White Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Black Wallpaper. Besides, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in west. kitchen1 has Wood_color Marble wall as well as floor is Purple Wallpaper. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Gray, and floor is Orange Marble. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. Additionally, bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom2 uses White Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Quartz and Wood_color. bedroom3 wall is Wood_color Rock_Plate, and floor is Orange Wood_Veneer. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Black while has Purple Wallpaper wall. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. Moreover, balcony1 has Black Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Black Rock_Plate. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Pink Cement_Board, and uses Blue Bamboo_Vine for floor. In addition, kitchen1 has Yellow Ceramics wall while floor is Wallpaper and Yellow. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has Black Granite floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. livingroom1 has Yellow Quartz wall, and floor is Cement_Board and Wood_color. livingroom1 covers 43 square meters located in east. floor of study1 is Marble and Green as well as has Pink Ceramics wall. study1 is in west with 14 square meters. Additionally, corridor1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. corridor1 uses Pink Coating for floor while has Wood_color Mosaic wall. In addition, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 wall is Black Granite as well as floor is Black Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom2 has Orange Ceramics floor, and has Pink Cement_Board wall. kitchen1 is in north with 43 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Red while floor is Blue Coating. Moreover, wall of balcony1 is Granite and Orange, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and White. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to study1, bedroom2, kitchen1. kitchen1, washroom1 and study1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony1, corridor1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in southwest with 10 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Orange as well as floor is Black Stone_Brick. In addition, wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and White, and has Blue Granite floor. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in south. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. washroom1 uses Blue Log for floor while wall is Gray Painted_Wood. balcony1 has 5 squares in northwest. balcony1 has Gray Granite wall as well as has Blue Wallpaper floor. Besides, livingroom1 has Pink Log floor, and wall is Ceramics and Gray. livingroom1 is in north with 22 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 has Black Log wall while has Red Pure_Color_Wood floor. kitchen1 has 8 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom2, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 16 squares in northwest. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color as well as wall is Coating and Blue. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 15 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 has Red Granite wall, and floor is Gray Rock_Plate. bedroom3 has White Quartz wall as well as floor is Marble and Blue. bedroom3 covers 14 square meters located in south. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Orange Jade, and floor is Blue Wallpaper. washroom2 is in north with 5 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Yellow while floor is White Pure_Color_Wood. Moreover, floor of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and White as well as has Green Marble wall. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in north. livingroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall, and has Red Ceramics floor. livingroom1 covers 56 square meters located in east. kitchen1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Purple while wall is Purple Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2, balcony1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Yellow Granite as well as floor is Blue Wallpaper. Moreover, bedroom1 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom1 has Gray Ceramics floor while has Black Quartz wall. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 uses Green Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Pink Ceramics. livingroom1 covers 20 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Orange Granite as well as has Pink Coating wall. kitchen1 floor is Gray Wood_Veneer, and wall is Green Marble. kitchen1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 wall is White Pure_Color_Wood as well as has Green Quartz floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in northeast. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine while has Wood_color Mosaic wall. livingroom1 is in west with 33 square meters. closet1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. closet1 floor is Red Coating as well as wall is Blue Quartz. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in east. bedroom1 has Yellow Ceramics floor, and wall is Purple Stone_Brick. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Coating and Gray while uses Green Pure_Color_Wood for floor. bedroom2 has 11 squares in south. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. kitchen1 has Blue Ceramics wall, and has Pink Marble floor. balcony1 wall is Black Granite while has Green Wood_Grain floor. balcony1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, closet1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and closet1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, three washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Earth_color, and uses Purple Bamboo_Vine for floor. bedroom1 has 13 squares in southwest. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Pink Quartz for floor as well as wall is Red Mosaic. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in west. Additionally, bedroom3 has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. bedroom3 is in center with 7 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 has 4 squares in south. washroom1 floor is Earth_color Granite, and wall is Coating and Orange. In addition, washroom2 has Green Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Pink Rock_Plate. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in east. Moreover, washroom3 wall is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood while uses Wood_color Stone_Brick for floor. washroom3 is in center with 2 square meters. In addition, balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in east. balcony1 has Purple Bamboo_Vine wall as well as floor is Pink Wall_Cloth. Additionally, livingroom1 has 33 squares in north. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Blue while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. kitchen1 has Green Ceramics wall, and floor is Coating and Black. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, balcony1, washroom3. washroom2, balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom3. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 uses Red Marble for floor as well as wall is Yellow Painted_Wood. bedroom1 covers 20 square meters located in southwest. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Granite while floor is Pink Log. bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in southeast. wall of bedroom3 is Painted_Wood and Blue, and floor is Mosaic and Wood_color. bedroom3 has 10 squares in northwest. washroom1 has Black Ceramic_Tile floor while wall is Pink Painted_Wood. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. wall of washroom2 is Jade and Blue as well as floor is Cement_Board and Blue. washroom2 is in west with 5 square meters. Besides, balcony1 covers 9 square meters located in south. wall of balcony1 is Mosaic and Black, and has Wood_color Quartz floor. livingroom1 wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood as well as has Yellow Wallpaper floor. livingroom1 has 52 squares in center. In addition, kitchen1 has 8 squares in north. kitchen1 wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Blue Stone_Brick. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom2. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Coating as well as wall is Orange Rock_Plate. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom2 has Black Quartz floor, and wall is Black Stone_Brick. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom3 floor is Gray Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. Moreover, washroom1 has Red Mosaic floor while has Earth_color Log wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. Besides, balcony1 wall is Green Quartz as well as uses Gray Rock_Plate for floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. Additionally, balcony2 floor is Black Log, and has Green Ceramics wall. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. Besides, livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. livingroom1 has Wood_color Mosaic wall as well as has Red Wall_Cloth floor. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. kitchen1 floor is Earth_color Marble, and wall is Yellow Quartz. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has three bedrooms, three washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall, and uses Yellow Quartz for floor. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 has Gray Cement_Board wall as well as floor is Wood_Grain and Blue. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 has 10 squares in west. wall of bedroom3 is Marble and Purple, and uses White Cement_Board for floor. Moreover, washroom1 uses Orange Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and White. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. Additionally, washroom2 floor is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood. washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. washroom3 floor is Purple Cement_Board while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. washroom3 has 3 squares in center. In addition, balcony1 is in east with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Wood_color Quartz wall as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Blue. wall of balcony2 is Marble and Gray while has Blue Stone_Brick floor. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has 38 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Green Ceramic_Tile, and has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood floor. Additionally, kitchen1 has Earth_color Quartz floor as well as wall is Quartz and Black. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, wall of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Blue as well as has Yellow Ceramics floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in center. livingroom1 is in center with 31 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Blue Painted_Wood while wall is Blue Wood_Veneer. floor of study1 is Wood_Grain and Earth_color, and wall is Quartz and Green. study1 covers 8 square meters located in west. In addition, bedroom1 uses Red Log for floor while wall is Ceramics and Wood_color. bedroom1 is in east with 15 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 has Blue Granite floor as well as wall is Gray Wall_Cloth. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in center. kitchen1 uses Yellow Wallpaper for floor while has Red Ceramic_Tile wall. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in west. Additionally, balcony1 has White Jade wall as well as has Wood_color Mosaic floor. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to kitchen1. The building contains two washrooms, one study, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom1 wall is Pink Wallpaper as well as has White Log floor. washroom2 has Black Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Red. washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. In addition, study1 has Wood_color Cement_Board floor while wall is White Ceramics. study1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. Besides, wall of bedroom1 is Log and Black, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Green. bedroom1 is in southeast with 17 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 has Gray Coating wall while uses Blue Ceramic_Tile for floor. bedroom2 has 13 squares in southwest. Besides, bedroom3 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Wood_color Quartz. bedroom3 has 12 squares in northeast. livingroom1 covers 45 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Black Granite for floor while wall is Orange Ceramics. balcony1 wall is Wood_color Wallpaper as well as floor is Black Coating. balcony1 is in south with 10 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, study1, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains three washrooms, one study, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in west. washroom1 wall is Purple Marble, and floor is Wallpaper and Red. In addition, washroom2 has Black Mosaic floor while wall is Yellow Stone_Brick. washroom2 has 5 squares in north. washroom3 is in center with 3 square meters. washroom3 has Earth_color Granite floor as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Blue. Additionally, study1 is in northwest with 12 square meters. study1 floor is Earth_color Coating while has Yellow Ceramics wall. Besides, floor of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow as well as has Pink Wood_Grain wall. bedroom1 has 23 squares in southwest. Additionally, bedroom2 uses Purple Cement_Board for floor while has Purple Painted_Wood wall. bedroom2 has 20 squares in south. Besides, bedroom3 covers 13 square meters located in north. bedroom3 has Purple Granite wall as well as floor is Coating and Purple. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Red while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color. livingroom1 has 80 squares in east. balcony1 floor is Earth_color Jade, and has Black Bamboo_Vine wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in northwest. In addition, floor of balcony2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple while has Wood_color Wallpaper wall. balcony2 covers 6 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. study1, washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom3 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 is next to balcony1. washroom2 is adjacent to balcony2, washroom3. Building layout contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Wood_color Coating, and has Blue Bamboo_Vine floor. bedroom1 uses Purple Granite for floor while wall is Jade and Wood_color. bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Red Ceramics, and wall is Pink Rock_Plate. Moreover, bedroom3 has Blue Jade floor as well as wall is Yellow Log. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Jade while has Purple Granite wall. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. kitchen1 floor is White Ceramic_Tile as well as has Gray Bamboo_Vine wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 floor is Gray Wallpaper as well as has Black Mosaic wall. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Veneer wall while uses White Mosaic for floor. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in center. bedroom2 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Coating and Purple. livingroom1 is in center with 33 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Blue while floor is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood. kitchen1 wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine, and has Pink Ceramics floor. kitchen1 has 8 squares in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has Black Bamboo_Vine wall as well as floor is Orange Jade. washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. In addition, bedroom1 has White Pure_Color_Wood wall, and uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Pink Quartz while wall is Cement_Board and Earth_color. livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 12 square meters located in west. wall of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and White, and floor is Wallpaper and Orange. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 wall is White Stone_Brick, and uses Purple Mosaic for floor. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in center. Additionally, bedroom2 has 12 squares in northeast. bedroom2 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has Wood_color Coating floor. bedroom3 is in south with 10 square meters. bedroom3 has Blue Wall_Cloth wall while uses Pink Granite for floor. floor of washroom1 is Granite and Yellow as well as has Red Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. In addition, balcony1 floor is Yellow Wallpaper while wall is Red Marble. balcony1 has 5 squares in south. Besides, balcony2 wall is Gray Ceramics, and floor is Ceramics and Black. balcony2 covers 5 square meters located in south. wall of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow while floor is Gray Stone_Brick. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in center. kitchen1 uses Wood_color Log for floor as well as has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to balcony2, washroom1. balcony1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom1 is Coating and Green as well as has Pink Cement_Board floor. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Yellow while uses Purple Wallpaper for floor. bedroom2 has 14 squares in east. washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Black Coating, and floor is Log and Red. In addition, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in west. balcony1 has Pink Granite floor while wall is Pink Log. Additionally, livingroom1 has Blue Marble wall, and has Red Rock_Plate floor. livingroom1 has 35 squares in center. Besides, wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Pink as well as floor is Pink Painted_Wood. kitchen1 has 9 squares in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Log and Blue, and wall is Red Pure_Color_Wood. Moreover, livingroom1 has 29 squares in west. wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and White while floor is Coating and White. Besides, study1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. wall of study1 is Painted_Wood and Black as well as uses Purple Ceramics for floor. bedroom1 wall is White Ceramic_Tile while uses White Stone_Brick for floor. bedroom1 is in east with 15 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 has 14 squares in center. floor of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Purple as well as has Pink Wood_Veneer wall. Moreover, kitchen1 is in south with 6 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Gray, and has Blue Mosaic floor. Additionally, balcony1 uses Yellow Granite for floor while wall is Ceramics and Red. balcony1 is in northwest with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. kitchen1, washroom1 and study1 are connected. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 has Pink Quartz floor as well as has Wood_color Log wall. washroom1 is in west with 7 square meters. washroom2 has Wood_color Marble wall, and has Black Ceramics floor. washroom2 has 5 squares in south. livingroom1 has 44 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Pink Stone_Brick as well as wall is Wood_color Coating. Moreover, study1 has Red Wall_Cloth wall, and uses Green Ceramics for floor. study1 has 12 squares in northwest. bedroom1 is in southeast with 16 square meters. bedroom1 has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Purple Ceramic_Tile. wall of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and White, and uses Earth_color Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom2 is in southwest with 11 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Pink Painted_Wood as well as floor is Red Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 is in west with 7 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and White while has Red Wood_Veneer floor. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in east. balcony2 is in west with 4 square meters. balcony2 has Red Quartz floor as well as has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, four washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and two kitchens. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. floor of bedroom1 is Quartz and Purple, and wall is Green Wallpaper. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 has Yellow Rock_Plate wall while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. bedroom3 wall is Blue Log, and uses Wood_color Granite for floor. bedroom3 has 20 squares in southeast. Additionally, washroom1 has 1 squares in southwest. washroom1 floor is Blue Wallpaper while wall is Orange Painted_Wood. washroom2 covers 1 square meters located in southeast. washroom2 wall is Earth_color Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Purple Ceramics. Besides, washroom3 is in east with 4 square meters. wall of washroom3 is Log and Green, and floor is Green Ceramic_Tile. washroom4 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom4 uses Earth_color Jade for floor while wall is Mosaic and Orange. In addition, balcony1 is in south with 7 square meters. balcony1 has Orange Jade wall, and floor is Jade and Black. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Pink Wood_Grain while floor is Red Stone_Brick. livingroom1 is in center with 40 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 has Yellow Cement_Board wall as well as uses Black Stone_Brick for floor. Besides, kitchen2 floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood while wall is Earth_color Cement_Board. kitchen2 covers 3 square meters located in east. bedroom1 is adjacent to livingroom1, washroom4, kitchen2. livingroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. livingroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen2. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom2. washroom2, washroom3, kitchen2 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom3 is next to washroom4. kitchen2 and washroom4 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. To be specific, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 floor is Black Rock_Plate, and wall is Purple Bamboo_Vine. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 47 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow while wall is Quartz and Purple. In addition, bedroom1 uses Orange Log for floor, and wall is Jade and Pink. bedroom1 is in northwest with 13 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick as well as wall is Wood_color Quartz. bedroom2 has 11 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 wall is Pink Wood_Grain, and floor is Pink Quartz. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 is in west with 8 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Gray Ceramic_Tile while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 has White Ceramics wall as well as has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine floor. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in east. floor of balcony1 is Granite and Green, and wall is Wood_Grain and Blue. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Black as well as has Green Quartz floor. livingroom1 covers 19 square meters located in center. kitchen1 wall is Orange Granite, and has Wood_color Wood_Grain floor. kitchen1 has 4 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, kitchen1. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 wall is White Wood_Grain as well as has Green Marble floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. In addition, bedroom1 is in east with 19 square meters. bedroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall, and has Wood_color Rock_Plate floor. Additionally, bedroom2 is in west with 14 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Mosaic and White while wall is Wood_Veneer and Blue. livingroom1 has Green Mosaic wall, and floor is Black Quartz. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 7 squares in center. kitchen1 wall is Yellow Stone_Brick while has Orange Wood_Grain floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has three washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. washroom1 floor is Purple Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. washroom2 floor is Pink Coating while wall is Orange Painted_Wood. washroom2 has 4 squares in center. Additionally, washroom3 has 3 squares in north. washroom3 floor is Gray Rock_Plate as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Purple. In addition, livingroom1 covers 49 square meters located in east. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Earth_color, and floor is Mosaic and Red. Besides, closet1 wall is Orange Wall_Cloth while floor is Rock_Plate and Purple. closet1 covers 4 square meters located in west. In addition, wall of study1 is Painted_Wood and Black, and has Orange Pure_Color_Wood floor. study1 is in center with 10 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in west. bedroom1 wall is Blue Wood_Veneer as well as uses Pink Wood_Grain for floor. Additionally, floor of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Blue, and wall is Rock_Plate and Blue. bedroom2 has 14 squares in southwest. Besides, bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in south. floor of bedroom3 is Wood_Grain and Earth_color while wall is Purple Wallpaper. kitchen1 uses Yellow Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Red Rock_Plate. kitchen1 has 8 squares in southeast. balcony1 wall is Yellow Ceramics while uses Blue Granite for floor. balcony1 has 13 squares in northeast. Additionally, balcony2 has 12 squares in southwest. balcony2 floor is Earth_color Log, and has Pink Rock_Plate wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, study1, kitchen1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, closet1. bedroom3, balcony2, washroom1, closet1 and bedroom2 are connected. balcony2 is next to washroom1. washroom2, washroom3 and study1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to closet1. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color, and has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. In addition, livingroom1 uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor while wall is Green Coating. livingroom1 covers 22 square meters located in center. balcony1 floor is White Mosaic, and wall is Yellow Ceramics. balcony1 is in south with 9 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and balcony1 are connected. The house plan has one bedroom, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in south with 11 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Green Wood_Veneer as well as uses Yellow Wall_Cloth for floor. Additionally, washroom1 has 3 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Blue Wood_Grain, and floor is Purple Ceramic_Tile. In addition, balcony1 has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall while floor is Coating and Green. balcony1 is in east with 5 square meters. Besides, balcony2 has 2 squares in northwest. balcony2 has Orange Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Yellow. livingroom1 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall, and uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor. livingroom1 has 27 squares in center. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 has Pink Wall_Cloth floor as well as has Gray Mosaic wall. bedroom1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. balcony2 and washroom1 are connected. House has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 is in southeast with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Earth_color, and floor is Wallpaper and Earth_color. Additionally, study1 floor is Blue Stone_Brick as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. study1 is in east with 6 square meters. bedroom1 is in northeast with 14 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Black, and wall is Coating and Yellow. bedroom2 is in southwest with 12 square meters. bedroom2 has Purple Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color. In addition, livingroom1 uses Gray Cement_Board for floor while has Blue Wood_Veneer wall. livingroom1 covers 43 square meters located in center. Moreover, kitchen1 has 9 squares in southeast. floor of kitchen1 is Ceramics and White, and wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to study1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. study1 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall, and has Yellow Granite floor. bedroom1 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has Gray Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. wall of bedroom2 is Granite and Green while has Red Cement_Board floor. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. livingroom1 has Purple Ceramics wall as well as floor is Black Pure_Color_Wood. kitchen1 wall is Green Stone_Brick while floor is Black Ceramics. kitchen1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, one closet, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Green as well as wall is Gray Jade. bedroom1 is in north with 11 square meters. bedroom1 wall is White Wallpaper while has White Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom2 wall is White Log, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color. bedroom2 has 11 squares in southwest. livingroom1 has 15 squares in center. livingroom1 has White Wall_Cloth wall as well as uses Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor. closet1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. wall of closet1 is Rock_Plate and White, and floor is Stone_Brick and Yellow. kitchen1 has Black Ceramics wall as well as uses Gray Wall_Cloth for floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, closet1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, closet1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to closet1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in east with 6 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Green as well as has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall. Moreover, bedroom1 has 20 squares in northeast. bedroom1 uses Pink Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Wallpaper and Green. bedroom2 is in center with 14 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Green while floor is Purple Pure_Color_Wood. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Orange Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Gray. livingroom1 is in south with 38 square meters. balcony1 floor is Earth_color Granite, and has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, and one bedroom. To be specific, floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and White as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Pink. washroom1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Earth_color while has Wood_color Cement_Board floor. livingroom1 has 30 squares in west. closet1 has Black Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Stone_Brick and Yellow. closet1 is in north with 7 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Black while wall is Mosaic and White. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom1, closet1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to closet1, washroom1. closet1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in east. bedroom1 uses Gray Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as wall is Log and Orange. Additionally, bedroom2 has Orange Pure_Color_Wood floor, and has Green Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in southwest. Moreover, washroom1 has 7 squares in southeast. washroom1 floor is Wood_color Granite while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange. Additionally, balcony1 is in northwest with 4 square meters. balcony1 uses Orange Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Cement_Board and White. livingroom1 has 22 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Pink Coating while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Black. kitchen1 has Blue Ceramics wall as well as floor is Pink Jade. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, floor of washroom1 is Coating and Earth_color as well as wall is Wallpaper and Orange. washroom1 covers 8 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, livingroom1 uses Orange Wood_Grain for floor, and has White Wallpaper wall. livingroom1 is in west with 19 square meters. study1 has Gray Rock_Plate floor while wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. study1 has 13 squares in east. In addition, bedroom1 has 19 squares in east. wall of bedroom1 is Coating and Gray, and floor is Black Cement_Board. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and White as well as floor is Orange Quartz. kitchen1 has 4 squares in west. balcony1 has 4 squares in east. balcony1 has Earth_color Marble wall while floor is Marble and Black. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, washroom1, kitchen1. study1, washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is next to balcony1. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. House has three bedrooms, three washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has White Bamboo_Vine wall, and uses Black Log for floor. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 has 15 squares in northwest. floor of bedroom2 is Ceramics and Yellow as well as has White Cement_Board wall. bedroom3 wall is Earth_color Wall_Cloth, and floor is Mosaic and Earth_color. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in west. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. washroom1 wall is Green Quartz while has Gray Wood_Veneer floor. wall of washroom2 is Mosaic and White as well as has Pink Bamboo_Vine floor. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. In addition, washroom3 has 2 squares in south. washroom3 has Pink Wood_Veneer wall, and has Red Cement_Board floor. Moreover, floor of balcony1 is Granite and Gray while has Gray Wood_Grain wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in east. balcony2 has 5 squares in southwest. balcony2 has Wood_color Mosaic wall, and uses Red Wallpaper for floor. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Yellow as well as uses Black Bamboo_Vine for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 38 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 wall is Red Marble while uses Black Wood_Veneer for floor. kitchen1 is in southwest with 8 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom2. bedroom3, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1, balcony2. kitchen1 is next to balcony2, washroom1, washroom3. washroom1 and balcony2 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom3. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 uses Blue Marble for floor as well as has Red Log wall. washroom1 has 6 squares in center. Moreover, washroom2 is in east with 6 square meters. washroom2 has Green Wall_Cloth floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Orange. Besides, livingroom1 has Purple Ceramics wall, and floor is Purple Wallpaper. livingroom1 is in west with 37 square meters. Moreover, closet1 covers 3 square meters located in east. closet1 has Green Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Black Granite. study1 is in east with 11 square meters. wall of study1 is Ceramics and Black, and has Orange Cement_Board floor. Additionally, bedroom1 uses Blue Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1 is in east with 13 square meters. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in center. bedroom2 wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Marble and Red. Moreover, kitchen1 uses Pink Ceramic_Tile for floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and White. kitchen1 is in west with 9 square meters. balcony1 uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor, and has Black Ceramic_Tile wall. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in center. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1, bedroom2, closet1. study1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1. closet1 and washroom2 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has Black Coating wall, and floor is Coating and White. washroom1 is in north with 6 square meters. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. wall of washroom2 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color as well as has Wood_color Log floor. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor while wall is Mosaic and Gray. livingroom1 has 44 squares in center. closet1 is in west with 5 square meters. closet1 wall is Green Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color. Moreover, study1 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. study1 floor is Gray Wallpaper, and wall is Stone_Brick and Black. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 22 square meters located in southwest. floor of bedroom1 is Quartz and Purple as well as wall is Wallpaper and Green. Moreover, bedroom2 floor is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood, and has Pink Jade wall. bedroom2 covers 18 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 has Pink Wallpaper wall while has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor. kitchen1 is in northeast with 8 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom2, closet1. washroom1, washroom2 and study1 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to closet1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Jade and Wood_color, and has Red Log wall. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. Moreover, floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Red as well as has Wood_color Coating wall. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Wood_Grain and Gray, and floor is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile. In addition, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. wall of washroom1 is Wallpaper and Orange as well as floor is Blue Ceramics. floor of balcony1 is Granite and Yellow while wall is Gray Mosaic. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. floor of balcony2 is Log and Orange, and has Gray Mosaic wall. balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Quartz as well as wall is Granite and Black. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Earth_color, and wall is Purple Log. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 has Yellow Marble wall as well as floor is Wood_color Quartz. washroom1 is in west with 6 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile wall, and uses Purple Wallpaper for floor. washroom2 has 6 squares in west. Besides, livingroom1 has Orange Painted_Wood wall while uses Pink Marble for floor. livingroom1 has 49 squares in center. In addition, study1 is in northwest with 11 square meters. study1 wall is Purple Quartz, and uses Yellow Painted_Wood for floor. Additionally, bedroom1 is in southwest with 21 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Orange while has Gray Mosaic floor. Moreover, floor of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color as well as wall is Wood_color Wall_Cloth. bedroom2 is in southeast with 16 square meters. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. wall of kitchen1 is Rock_Plate and Orange, and floor is Black Wallpaper. Besides, balcony1 is in south with 8 square meters. balcony1 wall is Orange Rock_Plate while uses Orange Mosaic for floor. balcony2 wall is Green Ceramics as well as uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor. balcony2 is in north with 3 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2, balcony2. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Gray. washroom1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. In addition, wall of washroom2 is Stone_Brick and Pink as well as floor is Green Coating. washroom2 is in north with 3 square meters. livingroom1 uses Wood_color Wall_Cloth for floor, and wall is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. Besides, study1 wall is Green Painted_Wood while has White Mosaic floor. study1 has 11 squares in northeast. floor of bedroom1 is Granite and White, and has White Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom1 is in northwest with 13 square meters. bedroom2 has Purple Wallpaper wall while uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom2 is in south with 9 square meters. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in east. kitchen1 has White Cement_Board floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Pink. balcony1 is in west with 5 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue while floor is Blue Log. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom2. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom2. washroom1 is next to kitchen1. Building layout contains one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has Earth_color Jade floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Yellow. washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. study1 floor is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Rock_Plate and Blue. study1 is in south with 5 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 is in south with 15 square meters. bedroom1 has Yellow Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Log and Orange. bedroom2 has 14 squares in south. bedroom2 has Wood_color Ceramics floor as well as wall is Green Ceramics. Besides, livingroom1 floor is Pink Marble while has Earth_color Ceramics wall. livingroom1 covers 19 square meters located in center. livingroom2 wall is Pink Stone_Brick, and has Gray Wallpaper floor. livingroom2 is in north with 11 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 uses Red Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Earth_color. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. study1 and bedroom2 are connected. livingroom2 is next to kitchen1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 3 squares in south. washroom1 uses Pink Ceramics for floor, and wall is Granite and Wood_color. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Yellow Ceramics as well as uses Blue Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 20 square meters. Besides, balcony1 wall is Red Marble, and uses Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor. balcony1 has 3 squares in north. washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 has White Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Gray Granite. bedroom1 uses Gray Quartz for floor as well as has Pink Granite wall. bedroom1 is in north with 10 square meters. livingroom1 wall is White Coating, and floor is Jade and Black. livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. balcony1 has 4 squares in north. balcony1 has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 uses Green Ceramics for floor as well as has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. Additionally, study1 has Red Jade floor while wall is Red Painted_Wood. study1 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Blue, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Black. bedroom1 is in southwest with 15 square meters. bedroom2 uses Blue Wallpaper for floor as well as has Orange Quartz wall. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 covers 43 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Black, and wall is Red Marble. kitchen1 floor is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer. kitchen1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Gray Cement_Board. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. Additionally, floor of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Blue, and wall is Jade and Yellow. livingroom1 covers 14 square meters located in center. Moreover, storage1 is in center with 3 square meters. storage1 has Gray Ceramics wall as well as uses Earth_color Mosaic for floor. bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom1 has Orange Jade floor while has Red Marble wall. bedroom2 has Purple Jade floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Gray. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has 14 squares in north. kitchen1 has Gray Ceramics floor while wall is Cement_Board and Black. balcony1 has 5 squares in north. wall of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and White, and uses Purple Ceramic_Tile for floor. balcony2 has 5 squares in south. floor of balcony2 is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color while wall is Rock_Plate and Gray. kitchen1, bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, storage1 and livingroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1. balcony2, storage1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. To be specific, washroom1 covers 2 square meters located in southeast. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Red, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Red. livingroom1 has 22 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is White Quartz while floor is Mosaic and Green. Moreover, bedroom1 is in southwest with 9 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Coating, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 wall is Gray Stone_Brick while floor is Mosaic and Gray. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 uses White Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Marble and Green. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in west. bedroom1 uses Blue Wallpaper for floor while wall is Pink Mosaic. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. Additionally, bedroom2 uses Yellow Quartz for floor as well as has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom3 is in west with 6 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Bamboo_Vine and Purple while floor is Earth_color Painted_Wood. livingroom1 has Pink Ceramics floor as well as wall is Coating and White. livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. kitchen1 uses Orange Log for floor, and wall is White Painted_Wood. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. House has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Purple Wall_Cloth floor as well as has Orange Wallpaper wall. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in center. washroom1 has 4 squares in center. washroom1 wall is Purple Rock_Plate while uses Orange Wood_Grain for floor. In addition, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in west. balcony1 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall, and floor is Rock_Plate and Purple. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Mosaic as well as wall is Log and Gray. livingroom1 has 23 squares in east. In addition, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in south. kitchen1 has Pink Cement_Board wall while has Green Mosaic floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Wood_color Ceramics wall as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Gray. Additionally, washroom2 has 1 squares in north. washroom2 floor is Red Bamboo_Vine while has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall. Besides, livingroom1 wall is Red Pure_Color_Wood, and uses Red Quartz for floor. livingroom1 has 31 squares in center. storage1 has Yellow Ceramics floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Orange. storage1 has 1 squares in east. bedroom1 is in west with 15 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Granite and Yellow, and uses Wood_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. bedroom2 floor is Orange Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Log and White. bedroom2 is in east with 11 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 is in east with 5 square meters. kitchen1 has Wood_color Log floor, and has Yellow Granite wall. Additionally, balcony1 wall is Green Stone_Brick as well as floor is Purple Log. balcony1 has 6 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, storage1. bedroom1 is next to washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, storage1. washroom2, storage1 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Orange as well as floor is Wallpaper and Black. bedroom1 is in north with 13 square meters. Additionally, washroom1 uses Earth_color Ceramic_Tile for floor while wall is Mosaic and Purple. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in southwest. Moreover, balcony1 wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Wood_color Coating. balcony1 has 4 squares in northeast. Besides, livingroom1 has 24 squares in east. livingroom1 floor is Green Marble as well as wall is Black Coating. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in west. kitchen1 has Blue Cement_Board wall, and floor is Yellow Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1, balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 floor is Pink Bamboo_Vine, and has Earth_color Painted_Wood wall. bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in east. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is White Bamboo_Vine as well as has White Painted_Wood floor. bedroom2 has 8 squares in center. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. floor of washroom1 is Jade and Earth_color while wall is Granite and Wood_color. Additionally, balcony1 wall is Orange Rock_Plate as well as has Gray Granite floor. balcony1 has 5 squares in east. livingroom1 has 26 squares in center. livingroom1 has Purple Wood_Grain floor while wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color as well as wall is White Wood_Veneer. kitchen1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 uses White Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Ceramics and Black. bedroom2 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 has Green Wall_Cloth floor while has Orange Rock_Plate wall. washroom1 floor is White Marble, and wall is Quartz and White. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. wall of balcony1 is Wallpaper and Purple while floor is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in north. balcony2 floor is White Painted_Wood as well as has Black Quartz wall. balcony2 covers 25 square meters located in south. In addition, livingroom1 has 25 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Red while wall is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. kitchen1 uses Green Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 is in south with 4 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, balcony2. balcony2 and balcony1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. washroom1 is next to balcony2. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and two kitchens. To be specific, bedroom1 uses Black Log for floor, and wall is Orange Wallpaper. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 covers 15 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Orange. Moreover, bedroom3 has Yellow Ceramic_Tile floor while wall is Cement_Board and White. bedroom3 is in northwest with 14 square meters. washroom1 wall is Purple Rock_Plate, and floor is Yellow Jade. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. washroom2 uses Gray Log for floor as well as has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall. Additionally, balcony1 wall is Green Stone_Brick, and uses Gray Jade for floor. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in east. Besides, balcony2 has 4 squares in southwest. balcony2 has Orange Log floor as well as has Pink Wood_Grain wall. livingroom1 has Green Coating floor while wall is Orange Mosaic. livingroom1 is in center with 42 square meters. Additionally, wall of kitchen1 is Coating and Earth_color, and has Green Ceramics floor. kitchen1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. Besides, kitchen2 has 5 squares in southwest. floor of kitchen2 is Wood_Veneer and Red as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Gray. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom2, balcony1. bedroom3, kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen2, balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 floor is Red Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Wallpaper and Orange. bedroom1 has 24 squares in west. bedroom2 has 24 squares in north. bedroom2 floor is Pink Wood_Veneer, and wall is Orange Rock_Plate. floor of washroom1 is Wallpaper and Earth_color while wall is Orange Quartz. washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. Moreover, balcony1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. balcony1 floor is Black Wallpaper as well as wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer. Additionally, livingroom1 is in east with 26 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. kitchen1 has 7 squares in south. wall of kitchen1 is Coating and Green while uses Black Granite for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Black Ceramics as well as has Black Granite wall. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Granite, and has Blue Quartz floor. Additionally, bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom3 wall is Pink Wall_Cloth as well as has Red Stone_Brick floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 wall is Orange Wallpaper, and uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor. Besides, balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 has Purple Rock_Plate floor as well as has Orange Ceramics wall. balcony2 has 2 squares in north. wall of balcony2 is Painted_Wood and Green while has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood floor. livingroom1 has Yellow Marble wall as well as uses Purple Log for floor. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. Additionally, kitchen1 uses Purple Ceramics for floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. bedroom1 uses Earth_color Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Green. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Red as well as floor is Red Wallpaper. bedroom3 uses Gray Ceramics for floor while has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. In addition, floor of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Pink, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Black. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. Besides, balcony1 has Black Rock_Plate floor while has Blue Jade wall. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in north. balcony2 uses Pink Wood_Veneer for floor as well as wall is Gray Ceramics. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Orange while wall is Marble and Green. kitchen1 uses Yellow Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. The building contains two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has Gray Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Blue Coating. washroom1 is in south with 7 square meters. In addition, washroom2 uses Orange Quartz for floor as well as has Red Log wall. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine, and has Pink Stone_Brick floor. bedroom1 is in east with 23 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and Green as well as has Orange Jade floor. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Green, and has White Rock_Plate floor. livingroom1 has 31 squares in west. In addition, kitchen1 has Green Wood_Veneer wall while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Black. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom1 is next to kitchen1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in north with 11 square meters. bedroom1 uses Green Wood_Veneer for floor, and has Gray Jade wall. In addition, bedroom2 has 10 squares in southeast. wall of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Black while floor is Black Wallpaper. wall of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and White, and floor is Rock_Plate and Blue. washroom1 has 5 squares in southwest. Additionally, balcony1 has White Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Quartz and Red. balcony1 has 4 squares in northwest. livingroom1 has 21 squares in west. floor of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and White as well as wall is Purple Mosaic. kitchen1 uses Red Cement_Board for floor, and has White Wall_Cloth wall. kitchen1 is in center with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. House has three washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 is in west with 6 square meters. washroom1 has Blue Cement_Board wall, and uses Wood_color Jade for floor. In addition, washroom2 is in northwest with 2 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Wall_Cloth and White as well as has Gray Painted_Wood floor. washroom3 has Green Jade wall, and uses Gray Stone_Brick for floor. washroom3 is in northwest with 2 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 is in center with 43 square meters. livingroom1 has White Log wall while uses Orange Jade for floor. In addition, closet1 is in west with 3 square meters. wall of closet1 is Ceramics and Green, and has Gray Ceramics floor. bedroom1 has Purple Mosaic floor while wall is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in southwest. Moreover, bedroom2 has 12 squares in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Cement_Board and Blue, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Purple. In addition, floor of bedroom3 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink as well as has Orange Rock_Plate wall. bedroom3 has 8 squares in northeast. Besides, kitchen1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Jade and Green, and wall is Purple Mosaic. Additionally, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. balcony1 floor is Blue Ceramics while has Pink Mosaic wall. balcony2 floor is Red Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Quartz and Purple. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2, closet1, washroom2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1, closet1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. washroom2 is next to washroom3. Building layout contains four bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 16 squares in northwest. bedroom1 has Orange Mosaic wall as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. Additionally, bedroom2 is in center with 14 square meters. bedroom2 uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is White Wall_Cloth. Moreover, bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 has Green Painted_Wood wall while uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor. bedroom4 has 9 squares in east. wall of bedroom4 is Ceramics and Earth_color as well as has Gray Ceramics floor. Besides, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Pink Cement_Board while floor is Painted_Wood and Yellow. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom2 has Red Stone_Brick wall as well as uses White Bamboo_Vine for floor. Moreover, balcony1 is in west with 13 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Yellow while floor is Green Log. balcony2 has Orange Quartz floor, and has Gray Jade wall. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. Besides, livingroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall while uses Blue Wood_Veneer for floor. livingroom1 is in south with 45 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Wood_color Jade. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, bedroom4, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom2. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to bedroom4, washroom1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 floor is Orange Cement_Board, and wall is Stone_Brick and Earth_color. washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 has 33 squares in west. livingroom1 has Earth_color Painted_Wood floor while wall is White Bamboo_Vine. Besides, study1 is in southeast with 11 square meters. wall of study1 is Granite and Green, and floor is Log and Wood_color. bedroom1 has 15 squares in east. floor of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Green while has Orange Granite wall. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in north. bedroom2 has Pink Cement_Board wall, and uses Blue Wood_Grain for floor. kitchen1 has Orange Painted_Wood wall while uses Black Log for floor. kitchen1 has 8 squares in south. balcony1 has Earth_color Marble wall, and has Earth_color Wall_Cloth floor. balcony1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, study1. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Yellow Jade wall as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Red. bedroom1 has 13 squares in southeast. Additionally, bedroom2 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood floor, and has Pink Log wall. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. Besides, bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. bedroom3 floor is Pink Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Quartz and Yellow. In addition, washroom1 has Blue Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Black Log. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and White as well as has Green Ceramic_Tile wall. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Wood_Veneer, and wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood. livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. kitchen1 has Yellow Ceramic_Tile wall as well as uses Wood_color Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Green Log wall, and floor is Wallpaper and Blue. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in south. floor of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Blue as well as wall is Purple Jade. bedroom2 is in south with 13 square meters. Additionally, washroom1 uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Red. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. In addition, balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 has Earth_color Cement_Board floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Orange. Besides, livingroom1 wall is Blue Wallpaper, and uses Orange Marble for floor. livingroom1 has 23 squares in center. Additionally, wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and White as well as has Pink Wall_Cloth floor. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 is in south with 3 square meters. washroom1 floor is Gray Ceramic_Tile as well as has Orange Wallpaper wall. bedroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Purple, and wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 uses Black Wallpaper for floor as well as has Green Coating wall. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in north. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 wall is Orange Wall_Cloth, and uses Purple Pure_Color_Wood for floor. floor of bedroom2 is Coating and Wood_color as well as wall is Blue Ceramic_Tile. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in north. bedroom3 floor is Wood_color Wood_Grain, and has Yellow Log wall. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in southeast. Additionally, washroom1 floor is Yellow Wood_Veneer while wall is Wallpaper and Green. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. Besides, washroom2 has 4 squares in east. washroom2 has Pink Granite wall as well as floor is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. Moreover, balcony1 is in south with 4 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Marble and Gray, and wall is White Wood_Grain. floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and Black while wall is Marble and Green. livingroom1 covers 44 square meters located in west. kitchen1 floor is White Quartz, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Orange. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 is next to balcony1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in northwest with 15 square meters. bedroom1 has Orange Wood_Veneer floor as well as has Orange Stone_Brick wall. bedroom2 wall is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood while has Gray Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom2 has 12 squares in south. Moreover, washroom1 has Green Quartz floor as well as has Blue Coating wall. washroom1 is in west with 6 square meters. Besides, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 uses Green Rock_Plate for floor, and has Red Mosaic wall. wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Blue as well as has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor. livingroom1 has 25 squares in center. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in south. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and White while floor is Wallpaper and Orange. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Pink as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. bedroom1 covers 22 square meters located in center. bedroom2 wall is Blue Quartz while floor is Marble and Green. bedroom2 has 19 squares in center. In addition, washroom1 has 6 squares in northeast. washroom1 wall is Yellow Coating, and has Black Bamboo_Vine floor. balcony1 is in south with 8 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Pink as well as floor is Pink Ceramic_Tile. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Red Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Stone_Brick and Orange. livingroom1 has 36 squares in northwest. Besides, kitchen1 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and Blue as well as uses Black Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in northeast with 19 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Wood_Veneer, and wall is Wallpaper and Purple. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom2 floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine while wall is Coating and Red. Besides, bedroom3 uses Earth_color Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Ceramics and Blue. bedroom3 is in northwest with 12 square meters. Additionally, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Orange Wallpaper floor while wall is Green Mosaic. Besides, washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in west. washroom2 has Red Rock_Plate wall as well as has Purple Stone_Brick floor. balcony1 floor is Pink Cement_Board, and wall is Stone_Brick and Orange. balcony1 has 6 squares in southeast. In addition, livingroom1 is in south with 46 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Gray Coating as well as has Black Rock_Plate wall. kitchen1 uses Orange Marble for floor, and wall is Ceramics and Blue. kitchen1 has 8 squares in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall, and uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor. In addition, bedroom1 is in southwest with 12 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Quartz and Pink while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Green. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom2 floor is Gray Mosaic as well as wall is Pink Mosaic. livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Black Mosaic while floor is Yellow Wallpaper. kitchen1 has 8 squares in northeast. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink as well as floor is Ceramics and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Red Wood_Veneer wall, and has Gray Cement_Board floor. bedroom1 is in north with 14 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 floor is Purple Coating while wall is Painted_Wood and Gray. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in east. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. washroom1 uses Red Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Rock_Plate and White. In addition, balcony1 floor is Black Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Earth_color Mosaic. balcony1 is in west with 3 square meters. livingroom1 has Blue Painted_Wood wall while uses Yellow Painted_Wood for floor. livingroom1 has 30 squares in south. Besides, floor of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Gray as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Pink. kitchen1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. House has one washroom, one study, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 uses Blue Jade for floor as well as has Black Wallpaper wall. In addition, wall of study1 is Granite and Wood_color, and has Wood_color Quartz floor. study1 has 12 squares in northwest. Besides, bedroom1 has Earth_color Mosaic wall while floor is Marble and Yellow. bedroom1 is in northeast with 15 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Purple as well as floor is Wallpaper and Blue. livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. In addition, wall of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple while uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Log and Earth_color, and wall is White Wallpaper. bedroom1 has 16 squares in east. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 has Yellow Wallpaper wall as well as has Pink Ceramic_Tile floor. In addition, bedroom3 is in west with 14 square meters. floor of bedroom3 is Coating and White, and has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Marble and Red as well as has Green Coating floor. Additionally, balcony1 has White Stone_Brick wall while floor is Marble and White. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. balcony2 uses Black Quartz for floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Red. balcony2 has 5 squares in west. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall as well as has Gray Quartz floor. Moreover, kitchen1 has 8 squares in southwest. floor of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue while has Earth_color Painted_Wood wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, balcony2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has Purple Log floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Green. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. Moreover, washroom2 has Gray Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Green Stone_Brick. washroom2 has 5 squares in west. Besides, wall of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Red as well as floor is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. livingroom1 has 57 squares in center. Moreover, closet1 has Gray Jade wall while floor is Marble and Red. closet1 has 3 squares in north. Additionally, study1 is in east with 23 square meters. study1 wall is Earth_color Jade, and floor is Blue Stone_Brick. bedroom1 has 19 squares in north. bedroom1 uses Orange Wallpaper for floor while wall is Quartz and White. Besides, bedroom2 has Green Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Quartz and Purple. bedroom2 is in northwest with 13 square meters. balcony1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Jade and Blue as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Purple. livingroom1 is adjacent to study1, bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, closet1. study1 is next to bedroom1, balcony1. closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2, closet1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 floor is Purple Quartz, and has Black Cement_Board wall. bedroom1 is in north with 12 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 is in southwest with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Purple Wall_Cloth as well as uses Purple Bamboo_Vine for floor. Besides, balcony1 is in southeast with 2 square meters. balcony1 has Black Coating wall while floor is Red Log. floor of livingroom1 is Coating and Gray as well as has Blue Quartz wall. livingroom1 is in center with 17 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. kitchen1 uses Purple Wood_Grain for floor while wall is Purple Mosaic. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 14 squares in northwest. bedroom1 has Yellow Bamboo_Vine wall, and uses Orange Log for floor. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Granite and Black while has White Wood_Grain floor. bedroom2 has 11 squares in west. Besides, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. washroom1 floor is Red Rock_Plate as well as wall is Black Coating. balcony1 uses Wood_color Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Gray Cement_Board. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in north. livingroom1 wall is Black Cement_Board while uses White Cement_Board for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. kitchen1 uses Green Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Blue. kitchen1 has 8 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 wall is Red Rock_Plate as well as floor is Red Wood_Grain. Additionally, bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Wood_color, and has Green Marble floor. In addition, bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom2 wall is Gray Ceramics as well as floor is Marble and Wood_color. Besides, livingroom1 uses Red Log for floor while has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile wall. livingroom1 has 18 squares in center. kitchen1 has Black Wood_Veneer wall as well as uses Black Cement_Board for floor. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. wall of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Black, and floor is Red Bamboo_Vine. In addition, livingroom1 has 30 squares in west. livingroom1 wall is Gray Granite while floor is Granite and Yellow. Additionally, study1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. study1 has Green Wallpaper wall as well as has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor. Besides, bedroom1 floor is White Rock_Plate, and wall is Black Granite. bedroom1 covers 23 square meters located in east. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Red Quartz while wall is Green Painted_Wood. bedroom2 covers 23 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has Purple Wallpaper wall as well as floor is White Rock_Plate. kitchen1 has 5 squares in south. balcony1 has 6 squares in northwest. wall of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Green, and has White Wood_Grain floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. study1 is next to washroom1, kitchen1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 is in southwest with 12 square meters. bedroom2 has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall, and uses Blue Ceramic_Tile for floor. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Purple while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color. balcony1 has 5 squares in southeast. balcony1 floor is White Wallpaper, and wall is Blue Mosaic. livingroom1 has Blue Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Black Marble. livingroom1 covers 24 square meters located in center. Besides, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 wall is Green Cement_Board while has Black Cement_Board floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in east with 11 square meters. bedroom1 has Blue Painted_Wood floor as well as has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall. Moreover, bedroom2 has Orange Coating wall, and floor is Orange Quartz. bedroom2 has 11 squares in east. washroom1 has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall while floor is Pink Granite. washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in west. balcony1 floor is Wood_color Wallpaper, and has Yellow Ceramic_Tile wall. livingroom1 is in west with 56 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Green as well as has Pink Cement_Board floor. In addition, kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Blue Quartz floor while wall is Earth_color Log. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in south. floor of washroom1 is Ceramics and Wood_color as well as wall is Cement_Board and Black. wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink while uses Yellow Ceramic_Tile for floor. bedroom1 is in southeast with 13 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 uses Orange Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is Jade and Yellow. bedroom2 has 12 squares in southwest. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Earth_color Wood_Grain. balcony1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. balcony1 has Wood_color Granite floor, and has Black Rock_Plate wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 uses Orange Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Red. washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. Additionally, study1 has Blue Log wall as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Gray. study1 is in center with 4 square meters. Moreover, wall of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Black, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall while floor is Marble and Orange. bedroom2 has 7 squares in east. livingroom1 floor is Orange Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Purple. livingroom1 is in center with 21 square meters. In addition, floor of kitchen1 is Marble and Yellow while wall is Cement_Board and Orange. kitchen1 has 5 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, study1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. study1 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue, and wall is White Marble. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. In addition, livingroom1 has Pink Mosaic wall as well as uses Blue Jade for floor. livingroom1 has 24 squares in center. Moreover, storage1 is in north with 24 square meters. storage1 has White Mosaic wall, and has Blue Jade floor. bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in west. bedroom1 uses Earth_color Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain. kitchen1 has 5 squares in east. kitchen1 wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood as well as uses Pink Granite for floor. Besides, wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Blue while uses Yellow Ceramics for floor. balcony1 has 4 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, storage1. washroom1, storage1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to storage1. storage1 and balcony1 are connected. washroom1 is next to storage1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in northeast with 14 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Black as well as has White Jade wall. bedroom2 has 13 squares in center. bedroom2 wall is Pink Painted_Wood, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange. washroom1 wall is Earth_color Granite while has Blue Stone_Brick floor. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. wall of balcony1 is Marble and White, and floor is Jade and Wood_color. In addition, livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Gray Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Coating and Yellow. kitchen1 uses White Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is White Granite. kitchen1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in southwest. washroom1 has Gray Ceramics floor as well as wall is Coating and Gray. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 wall is Green Painted_Wood while has Gray Granite floor. Additionally, bedroom2 uses Earth_color Ceramics for floor, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 has Green Coating wall while has Orange Stone_Brick floor. livingroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. Moreover, kitchen1 has 3 squares in west. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Pink, and floor is Mosaic and Orange. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, kitchen1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in south. washroom1 wall is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood, and has Pink Bamboo_Vine floor. Moreover, floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color while wall is Mosaic and Orange. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 has 13 squares in east. bedroom2 has Yellow Wood_Grain wall, and uses Black Wood_Veneer for floor. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Orange Cement_Board as well as floor is White Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 has 36 squares in center. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. balcony1 uses Pink Mosaic for floor while has Gray Mosaic wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Jade and Earth_color, and floor is Ceramics and White. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Gray as well as wall is Marble and Gray. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in north. bedroom2 is in south with 10 square meters. bedroom2 has Wood_color Granite wall, and floor is Marble and White. Additionally, bedroom3 has Green Marble floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Red. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, livingroom1 has 34 squares in center. livingroom1 has White Wallpaper wall while has Purple Mosaic floor. In addition, kitchen1 is in southwest with 4 square meters. kitchen1 uses Green Jade for floor, and wall is Wood_color Log. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, three washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Earth_color Log wall as well as floor is Red Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 has Gray Wood_Veneer floor while has Red Quartz wall. bedroom3 has 9 squares in southwest. wall of bedroom3 is Rock_Plate and Purple, and uses Yellow Marble for floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Black while has Orange Ceramics wall. Moreover, washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom2 has White Ceramics floor as well as wall is Wood_color Marble. Besides, washroom3 covers 2 square meters located in west. washroom3 has Gray Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Pink Ceramic_Tile. Additionally, balcony1 floor is Black Painted_Wood as well as wall is Pink Log. balcony1 is in east with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. livingroom1 uses Purple Wood_Veneer for floor while wall is Granite and White. kitchen1 has Earth_color Log floor as well as has White Stone_Brick wall. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. washroom3 and washroom2 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in north. bedroom1 floor is Pink Log, and wall is Wood_Grain and Blue. In addition, bedroom2 has Orange Stone_Brick floor while wall is Purple Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 is in west with 22 square meters. bedroom3 is in south with 7 square meters. wall of bedroom3 is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color as well as has White Marble floor. Moreover, washroom1 has Pink Wall_Cloth wall, and has Gray Wood_Grain floor. washroom1 covers 22 square meters located in southwest. In addition, washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in center. floor of washroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Black as well as has White Quartz wall. Besides, balcony1 wall is Earth_color Quartz, and has Yellow Wall_Cloth floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. wall of balcony2 is Coating and Purple while has Blue Stone_Brick floor. balcony2 has 5 squares in northwest. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in east. livingroom1 has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as uses Yellow Marble for floor. kitchen1 has Orange Ceramics floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Yellow. kitchen1 is in south with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1, balcony2, washroom2. washroom1, bedroom3, balcony2, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is next to bedroom3, balcony2, washroom2. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, floor of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Wood_color, and wall is Orange Wood_Grain. washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has 8 squares in southwest. bedroom1 floor is Green Marble as well as has Pink Rock_Plate wall. bedroom2 has 6 squares in west. bedroom2 floor is Earth_color Mosaic while wall is Yellow Log. livingroom1 uses Red Marble for floor as well as has Black Wood_Grain wall. livingroom1 has 16 squares in center. In addition, kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. floor of kitchen1 is Granite and Orange while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. washroom1 wall is Red Mosaic, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Blue. In addition, washroom2 has Purple Wood_Veneer wall as well as uses Red Quartz for floor. washroom2 has 6 squares in center. livingroom1 is in center with 38 square meters. livingroom1 has Earth_color Mosaic floor, and wall is Log and Green. closet1 has 7 squares in west. closet1 uses Green Log for floor as well as wall is Ceramics and Wood_color. Additionally, study1 has 7 squares in center. study1 uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor while has Gray Coating wall. In addition, bedroom1 wall is White Log as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. bedroom1 has 15 squares in west. Besides, bedroom2 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom2 uses Purple Jade for floor, and wall is Granite and Gray. Additionally, kitchen1 is in northeast with 10 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and Black while has Black Mosaic floor. balcony1 wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick, and floor is Quartz and Red. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, closet1, washroom2. bedroom2 is next to closet1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to study1, balcony1. closet1 is next to washroom1. study1 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in east. bedroom1 floor is Yellow Mosaic as well as wall is Log and Gray. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 15 square meters located in east. bedroom2 wall is Purple Mosaic, and floor is Rock_Plate and Blue. In addition, washroom1 has Red Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Orange Wallpaper. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. balcony1 is in east with 5 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color, and has Pink Painted_Wood wall. livingroom1 wall is Black Ceramic_Tile as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and White. livingroom1 is in west with 34 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 is in west with 7 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Orange Jade, and has Black Marble wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Log and Purple as well as has Yellow Cement_Board floor. washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. In addition, wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Pink while has Earth_color Quartz floor. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. Additionally, bedroom2 has Gray Log wall, and floor is Yellow Cement_Board. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. In addition, livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Purple as well as floor is Green Cement_Board. Besides, wall of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Earth_color while uses Green Jade for floor. kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in south. wall of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Wood_color, and uses Wood_color Quartz for floor. In addition, washroom2 has Pink Log wall as well as floor is Black Mosaic. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in north. bedroom1 has Pink Marble wall while floor is Granite and Pink. bedroom1 is in south with 12 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Wallpaper as well as has White Ceramics floor. bedroom2 is in north with 11 square meters. bedroom3 is in east with 7 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Yellow Painted_Wood, and uses Earth_color Log for floor. Besides, livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Cement_Board while wall is Marble and Earth_color. livingroom1 has 41 squares in center. kitchen1 has 9 squares in north. kitchen1 has Green Coating floor, and wall is Ceramics and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom2. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Earth_color, and uses Blue Ceramics for floor. bedroom1 has 12 squares in west. Additionally, bedroom2 has 8 squares in east. bedroom2 uses Red Coating for floor as well as has White Coating wall. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Black, and floor is Stone_Brick and Blue. balcony1 is in west with 8 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink as well as uses Blue Granite for floor. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in east. wall of balcony2 is Wood_Veneer and White, and uses Red Ceramics for floor. floor of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color as well as has Pink Granite wall. livingroom1 has 33 squares in center. floor of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and Pink while has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall. kitchen1 has 7 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Wood_color Rock_Plate wall as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Wood_color. bedroom1 is in east with 12 square meters. bedroom2 has Yellow Ceramic_Tile wall, and floor is Orange Granite. bedroom2 is in southwest with 10 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange as well as has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in southeast. Moreover, balcony1 is in north with 6 square meters. balcony1 floor is Red Quartz, and has Green Log wall. Additionally, livingroom1 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall as well as uses Earth_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. In addition, kitchen1 has 7 squares in southeast. wall of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and Orange while has Gray Mosaic floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 is in west with 6 square meters. washroom1 uses Green Marble for floor, and wall is Coating and Purple. livingroom1 is in center with 34 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color while wall is Granite and Pink. Moreover, study1 is in southeast with 9 square meters. study1 has Earth_color Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Quartz and Green. Additionally, bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Green Pure_Color_Wood while wall is Purple Wood_Veneer. In addition, bedroom2 is in west with 10 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Quartz and Green. kitchen1 has 8 squares in southwest. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Orange while uses Blue Ceramics for floor. Moreover, balcony1 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 wall is Green Ceramic_Tile as well as uses Pink Bamboo_Vine for floor. In addition, floor of balcony2 is Cement_Board and Black while has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. balcony2 has 8 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, study1, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, study1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony1 is next to balcony2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in northwest with 16 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray as well as wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 has Black Pure_Color_Wood floor, and has Blue Stone_Brick wall. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Green Jade wall as well as floor is Yellow Stone_Brick. Moreover, balcony1 has 5 squares in west. balcony1 has Orange Granite wall while has Orange Wall_Cloth floor. livingroom1 uses Blue Quartz for floor as well as wall is Gray Cement_Board. livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 is in east with 7 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Log and Black while uses Purple Mosaic for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Red, and wall is Green Stone_Brick. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. bedroom1 has Yellow Mosaic floor as well as wall is Green Wood_Grain. bedroom1 has 15 squares in southwest. bedroom2 has Earth_color Mosaic floor while wall is Wall_Cloth and White. bedroom2 covers 15 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, livingroom1 has 38 squares in east. livingroom1 has Green Quartz wall, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Green. balcony1 uses Orange Jade for floor as well as has Orange Quartz wall. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in east. bedroom1 has Purple Wood_Grain wall, and has Orange Wood_Veneer floor. In addition, bedroom2 has 14 squares in northeast. bedroom2 floor is Yellow Jade while has Orange Rock_Plate wall. Besides, bedroom3 has Black Ceramics wall, and floor is Marble and Orange. bedroom3 is in southwest with 12 square meters. washroom1 has 4 squares in northwest. washroom1 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood wall while floor is Red Painted_Wood. washroom2 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow. washroom2 has 4 squares in northwest. floor of balcony1 is Marble and Orange while has Green Bamboo_Vine wall. balcony1 is in south with 5 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Blue Wood_Veneer as well as has Green Wall_Cloth floor. Additionally, wall of kitchen1 is Log and Red while floor is Purple Rock_Plate. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony1. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in north. bedroom1 wall is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. bedroom2 has 11 squares in center. wall of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow while uses Pink Bamboo_Vine for floor. floor of bedroom3 is Wall_Cloth and Gray as well as has White Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom3 is in northwest with 9 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Yellow Marble, and floor is Orange Coating. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 wall is Wood_color Coating as well as has White Quartz floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has 36 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Orange Cement_Board while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Black. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color as well as has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood floor. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in west. bedroom1 floor is Purple Pure_Color_Wood, and wall is Coating and Purple. bedroom2 has 13 squares in northeast. bedroom2 floor is Pink Stone_Brick while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. bedroom3 is in east with 9 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Gray Quartz as well as has Black Granite floor. Moreover, washroom1 has Purple Rock_Plate wall while floor is Orange Cement_Board. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom2 uses Black Stone_Brick for floor, and has Orange Marble wall. washroom2 has 4 squares in east. Additionally, balcony1 covers 10 square meters located in south. balcony1 has Gray Painted_Wood floor as well as has Purple Granite wall. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in west. balcony2 wall is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine, and has Pink Jade floor. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 37 square meters. livingroom1 has Blue Rock_Plate wall while has Pink Stone_Brick floor. Moreover, kitchen1 has 6 squares in northwest. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color as well as floor is Log and Blue. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony2. balcony2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 17 squares in southwest. bedroom1 has Orange Ceramic_Tile floor, and wall is Blue Painted_Wood. Moreover, bedroom2 has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall while uses Green Wood_Grain for floor. bedroom2 has 13 squares in west. Besides, wall of bedroom3 is Coating and Earth_color as well as floor is Purple Quartz. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in center. wall of washroom1 is Ceramics and Black while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. washroom1 has 7 squares in south. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 uses Orange Ceramics for floor, and wall is Purple Cement_Board. Moreover, balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in south. balcony2 wall is Gray Coating as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Blue. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick, and floor is Red Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in east. Besides, kitchen1 has 9 squares in southeast. kitchen1 has Orange Coating wall while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Gray. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink as well as has White Rock_Plate floor. washroom1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Purple, and floor is Wallpaper and Wood_color. bedroom1 is in center with 26 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 uses Black Coating for floor as well as wall is Yellow Mosaic. livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in east. balcony1 floor is Blue Wood_Grain while has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 13 squares in southeast. wall of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Blue, and has Orange Wall_Cloth floor. Moreover, bedroom2 is in north with 8 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Green while has Blue Stone_Brick wall. In addition, washroom1 has Yellow Granite wall, and floor is Wood_Grain and Red. washroom1 has 5 squares in east. Moreover, balcony1 floor is Red Granite as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Purple. balcony1 has 7 squares in south. In addition, floor of balcony2 is Quartz and Green, and wall is Cement_Board and Wood_color. balcony2 is in north with 4 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as has Purple Wood_Veneer wall. livingroom1 is in center with 34 square meters. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 uses Blue Ceramics for floor while wall is Earth_color Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, balcony2. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 wall is White Mosaic, and uses Earth_color Jade for floor. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom2 floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood while has Earth_color Marble wall. washroom2 has 3 squares in west. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Blue Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Orange Quartz. livingroom1 covers 48 square meters located in east. closet1 is in center with 5 square meters. closet1 has Yellow Wall_Cloth wall, and uses Green Wallpaper for floor. Moreover, bedroom1 has 17 squares in north. bedroom1 has Earth_color Wallpaper floor as well as wall is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine. Besides, bedroom2 has 16 squares in northwest. bedroom2 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Purple. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. bedroom3 has Wood_color Rock_Plate floor as well as has Yellow Granite wall. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. wall of kitchen1 is Marble and Orange, and has Pink Granite floor. Besides, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 uses Black Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Marble and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, closet1, washroom2. bedroom2, balcony1, closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, closet1. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 floor is Yellow Log, and has Earth_color Ceramics wall. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. Additionally, floor of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Green as well as wall is Yellow Wood_Grain. livingroom1 covers 40 square meters located in center. Moreover, wall of closet1 is Painted_Wood and White while uses Yellow Wallpaper for floor. closet1 covers 5 square meters located in north. In addition, bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Wood_Grain, and wall is Quartz and Red. bedroom1 has 15 squares in west. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Red as well as floor is Yellow Wallpaper. Moreover, bedroom3 wall is Black Granite while floor is Pink Wall_Cloth. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in north. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in east. kitchen1 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as has Black Quartz wall. Moreover, balcony1 has 6 squares in west. balcony1 uses Pink Cement_Board for floor, and has Orange Coating wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, closet1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, washroom1. closet1 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is next to kitchen1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 uses Purple Pure_Color_Wood for floor as well as wall is Red Coating. bedroom1 has 18 squares in southwest. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is Orange Stone_Brick, and floor is Granite and White. bedroom2 has 12 squares in north. In addition, wall of bedroom3 is Ceramics and Earth_color while uses Green Stone_Brick for floor. bedroom3 is in north with 10 square meters. Besides, washroom1 has 5 squares in west. washroom1 wall is Orange Wood_Veneer, and floor is Quartz and Green. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 wall is Orange Quartz while uses Pink Quartz for floor. livingroom1 has 42 squares in center. livingroom1 has Earth_color Marble wall, and uses Gray Quartz for floor. Moreover, kitchen1 has 8 squares in northeast. floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Red as well as wall is Wallpaper and Purple. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, kitchen1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one study, one livingroom, and one bedroom. Specifically, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Coating and Gray, and wall is Orange Mosaic. Moreover, study1 has 18 squares in northwest. study1 has Yellow Mosaic floor as well as wall is White Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 is in east with 41 square meters. livingroom1 has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall, and uses Red Coating for floor. Additionally, bedroom1 wall is White Log while floor is Coating and Green. bedroom1 is in southwest with 18 square meters. bedroom1, study1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to study1. study1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 uses Yellow Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Blue Granite. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. In addition, wall of washroom2 is Wood_Grain and Gray while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and White. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has Orange Wood_Veneer wall, and has Black Painted_Wood floor. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in east. study1 has 8 squares in northwest. wall of study1 is Mosaic and Green while has Wood_color Quartz floor. Besides, bedroom1 has 19 squares in southwest. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Black. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Orange Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Orange Wall_Cloth. bedroom2 has 12 squares in south. kitchen1 is in northeast with 8 square meters. kitchen1 has Orange Painted_Wood wall as well as has Orange Coating floor. Besides, balcony1 is in southeast with 8 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Marble and Green while has Pink Wallpaper floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, study1, washroom2. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two livingrooms, and one bedroom. In practice, washroom1 has 16 squares in west. washroom1 has Green Granite floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Red. livingroom1 has Red Wood_Veneer floor while wall is Earth_color Log. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in east. livingroom2 is in center with 24 square meters. livingroom2 has Orange Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Quartz and Red. bedroom1 has Purple Granite wall, and has White Marble floor. bedroom1 is in center with 30 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, livingroom2. livingroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. livingroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Granite and Wood_color as well as uses White Cement_Board for floor. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. bedroom1 has 14 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has Gray Cement_Board wall, and has Earth_color Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom2 floor is Earth_color Painted_Wood while has Red Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom2 has 8 squares in northwest. livingroom1 wall is White Granite, and has Black Pure_Color_Wood floor. livingroom1 covers 17 square meters located in west. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 uses Gray Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is Purple Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in north with 13 square meters. bedroom1 has Pink Wood_Veneer wall as well as has White Ceramic_Tile floor. washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Gray Wallpaper, and uses Purple Pure_Color_Wood for floor. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in west. balcony1 uses Gray Rock_Plate for floor while has Purple Jade wall. Moreover, livingroom1 has Yellow Coating wall, and floor is Wallpaper and White. livingroom1 covers 17 square meters located in south. Additionally, wall of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and Blue as well as floor is Pink Wood_Grain. kitchen1 has 5 squares in southeast. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two washrooms, one study, one livingroom, one closet, and three bedrooms. More specifically, washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom1 floor is Wood_color Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and White. washroom2 has Blue Mosaic floor, and wall is Marble and Yellow. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in east. Additionally, wall of study1 is Mosaic and Black while floor is Orange Wood_Veneer. study1 is in south with 4 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 covers 57 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Orange, and floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood. Additionally, wall of closet1 is Granite and Gray while has Black Ceramic_Tile floor. closet1 has 2 squares in center. In addition, bedroom1 uses Red Quartz for floor as well as has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1 is in southeast with 17 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Black Wood_Grain, and has Red Cement_Board floor. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in north. Additionally, bedroom3 has Pink Wallpaper wall while floor is Rock_Plate and Pink. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, washroom2, study1, closet1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1, study1. washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to study1, closet1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 15 squares in west. bedroom1 has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine wall, and floor is Yellow Coating. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Jade and Green. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in west. In addition, bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. floor of bedroom3 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple as well as wall is Mosaic and White. washroom1 is in south with 6 square meters. washroom1 has Green Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Black Quartz. balcony1 wall is Red Wallpaper while has Orange Ceramic_Tile floor. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is in east with 34 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Log as well as has Yellow Wallpaper wall. Moreover, kitchen1 has 7 squares in center. kitchen1 has Wood_color Quartz floor while wall is Purple Wood_Veneer. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in center. wall of bedroom1 is Quartz and Green as well as has Purple Wood_Grain floor. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Pink while floor is Black Coating. bedroom2 has 10 squares in northeast. washroom1 is in east with 3 square meters. washroom1 has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor, and wall is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 floor is Blue Painted_Wood while has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall. balcony1 is in southwest with 3 square meters. livingroom1 covers 21 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Pink Wall_Cloth wall as well as uses Orange Painted_Wood for floor. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Blue while has Wood_color Marble floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 18 squares in west. bedroom1 has Yellow Quartz floor, and has Red Jade wall. bedroom2 has Black Granite wall as well as has Gray Quartz floor. bedroom2 has 10 squares in northeast. Additionally, washroom1 has Green Log wall, and has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile floor. washroom1 has 6 squares in north. Besides, balcony1 has 6 squares in west. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Black while floor is Stone_Brick and Red. floor of balcony2 is Quartz and Wood_color as well as has Orange Wallpaper wall. balcony2 is in east with 5 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 has 40 squares in center. livingroom1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall, and has Red Ceramics floor. In addition, kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Cement_Board while uses Pink Bamboo_Vine for floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. Building layout contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, one corridor, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray as well as has Blue Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom1 floor is Black Stone_Brick, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. bedroom1 has 14 squares in southeast. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 floor is Gray Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is White Wood_Veneer. In addition, bedroom3 has Red Cement_Board floor while has White Marble wall. bedroom3 is in northwest with 10 square meters. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has White Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Orange Cement_Board. Moreover, corridor1 wall is Blue Painted_Wood, and has Yellow Quartz floor. corridor1 is in north with 2 square meters. kitchen1 uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Purple. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, corridor1. washroom1, corridor1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to corridor1. washroom1 is next to corridor1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 19 squares in west. wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and White, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Red. In addition, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in east. bedroom2 wall is Orange Mosaic while floor is Granite and Red. bedroom3 has Yellow Granite wall, and has White Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom3 is in east with 6 square meters. washroom1 wall is Black Rock_Plate while has Pink Marble floor. washroom1 is in center with 6 square meters. balcony1 has 6 squares in west. balcony1 uses Red Quartz for floor as well as wall is Green Stone_Brick. livingroom1 has Orange Wallpaper wall, and floor is Blue Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 has 26 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 is in center with 5 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color as well as wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, balcony1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color, and floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood. bedroom2 uses Blue Granite for floor while has Blue Wood_Grain wall. bedroom2 has 12 squares in southwest. washroom1 is in south with 6 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Jade and Orange, and has White Stone_Brick floor. In addition, wall of balcony1 is Ceramics and Wood_color while uses Purple Ceramics for floor. balcony1 has 5 squares in northeast. balcony2 uses Red Stone_Brick for floor as well as has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. balcony2 has 4 squares in west. livingroom1 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood floor, and has Blue Jade wall. livingroom1 is in east with 32 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 has Gray Quartz floor as well as wall is Yellow Mosaic. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in center. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, balcony1. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 uses Yellow Ceramics for floor as well as wall is Wood_color Ceramics. bedroom1 has 15 squares in southwest. bedroom2 uses Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor while wall is Blue Coating. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is Purple Mosaic as well as has Green Ceramics floor. washroom1 has 6 squares in west. floor of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray, and wall is Red Wallpaper. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is in center with 30 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Yellow as well as floor is Jade and Yellow. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. kitchen1 has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall while uses Earth_color Stone_Brick for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in center. washroom1 floor is Black Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Cement_Board and Pink. Moreover, livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Black Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Gray Quartz. In addition, study1 has 9 squares in east. study1 has Purple Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Painted_Wood and Wood_color. bedroom1 wall is Pink Rock_Plate, and has Green Quartz floor. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in west. Moreover, bedroom2 has 12 squares in west. bedroom2 has Purple Log wall as well as uses White Rock_Plate for floor. Additionally, kitchen1 is in east with 6 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Pink Bamboo_Vine while wall is Pink Wall_Cloth. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Red, and wall is Black Stone_Brick. balcony1 has 4 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in east with 16 square meters. bedroom1 has Blue Log wall, and floor is Coating and Orange. bedroom2 floor is Blue Ceramics while wall is Rock_Plate and Pink. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, washroom1 has Black Wall_Cloth wall as well as uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony1 has White Cement_Board floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Orange. balcony1 has 7 squares in east. livingroom1 is in west with 27 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Red Jade while has Green Jade floor. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color, and floor is Jade and White. kitchen1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one study, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 has Green Coating wall, and has Green Mosaic floor. study1 covers 7 square meters located in east. study1 wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain while floor is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. Additionally, bedroom1 is in east with 8 square meters. bedroom1 has Blue Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Coating and Green. Besides, livingroom1 has 67 squares in center. livingroom1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as uses Wood_color Coating for floor. Additionally, floor of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Orange, and has Gray Wallpaper wall. kitchen1 covers 67 square meters located in north. kitchen1, bedroom1, study1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to bedroom1, study1, washroom1. bedroom1 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. The building contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Orange as well as wall is Quartz and Orange. bedroom1 has 12 squares in northwest. bedroom1 has Pink Wall_Cloth wall while uses Wood_color Rock_Plate for floor. In addition, bedroom2 has 11 squares in south. bedroom2 floor is Blue Ceramics as well as wall is Cement_Board and Blue. bedroom3 has White Ceramics floor, and wall is Earth_color Coating. bedroom3 is in center with 9 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Wall_Cloth as well as has Wood_color Coating wall. livingroom1 is in east with 34 square meters. kitchen1 has 6 squares in center. kitchen1 uses Purple Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. bedroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Mosaic and Gray, and uses Wood_color Quartz for floor. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in east. Moreover, washroom2 has Yellow Mosaic wall while floor is Red Mosaic. washroom2 has 6 squares in northwest. livingroom1 floor is Green Wallpaper as well as wall is Yellow Coating. livingroom1 is in west with 43 square meters. Additionally, study1 has 9 squares in northeast. study1 wall is Pink Log, and floor is Black Cement_Board. Moreover, bedroom1 wall is Black Cement_Board as well as uses Orange Coating for floor. bedroom1 covers 36 square meters located in east. In addition, bedroom2 has 36 squares in center. bedroom2 wall is Black Marble, and floor is Yellow Jade. Besides, kitchen1 has White Coating floor as well as wall is Quartz and Red. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. floor of balcony1 is Marble and Wood_color, and wall is White Marble. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom2, balcony1. bedroom2, study1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to study1, washroom1. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in west with 13 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Red as well as wall is Log and Pink. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Jade while uses Earth_color Marble for floor. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in center. Moreover, floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Black as well as wall is Coating and Green. washroom1 has 4 squares in southeast. balcony1 has 5 squares in southwest. balcony1 has Orange Wallpaper floor while wall is Yellow Rock_Plate. Additionally, balcony2 wall is Purple Jade as well as has Blue Rock_Plate floor. balcony2 is in northeast with 2 square meters. livingroom1 has 24 squares in south. livingroom1 floor is Red Stone_Brick, and wall is Green Log. In addition, kitchen1 floor is Yellow Quartz as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and White. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. kitchen1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. washroom1 has Earth_color Wallpaper wall as well as uses Blue Ceramics for floor. wall of bedroom1 is Log and Green, and floor is Wallpaper and Green. bedroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom2 uses Green Coating for floor while wall is Granite and Green. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Blue as well as has Gray Marble wall. kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. kitchen1 floor is Orange Cement_Board while wall is Wood_Veneer and Red. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in south. bedroom1 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Purple. In addition, bedroom2 has Wood_color Jade wall while floor is Purple Wood_Grain. bedroom2 has 10 squares in north. Additionally, floor of bedroom3 is Rock_Plate and Gray as well as wall is Green Quartz. bedroom3 has 10 squares in north. Moreover, washroom1 wall is Purple Marble, and floor is Painted_Wood and Blue. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. In addition, washroom2 has 4 squares in north. floor of washroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Green as well as wall is Black Jade. Additionally, balcony1 has Orange Quartz floor while wall is Purple Mosaic. balcony1 is in south with 7 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall, and uses Yellow Quartz for floor. Besides, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has Earth_color Wallpaper floor while wall is Green Jade. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has Pink Jade floor as well as has Yellow Granite wall. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in center. In addition, floor of study1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Green. study1 has 7 squares in west. Additionally, wall of bedroom1 is Granite and Wood_color as well as uses Pink Wallpaper for floor. bedroom1 is in northwest with 13 square meters. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and Blue, and uses Wood_color Painted_Wood for floor. Besides, livingroom1 has 30 squares in east. floor of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Blue while wall is Wallpaper and Red. kitchen1 uses Yellow Quartz for floor as well as wall is Green Mosaic. kitchen1 is in south with 10 square meters. bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1. kitchen1 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. washroom1 and study1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 17 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has White Coating wall, and has Gray Log floor. In addition, bedroom2 has Red Ceramic_Tile floor while wall is Wallpaper and Wood_color. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in west. Besides, floor of bedroom3 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. bedroom3 has 9 squares in northwest. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Green while wall is Ceramics and Orange. wall of washroom2 is Wallpaper and White, and floor is Wood_Grain and Gray. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. Additionally, balcony1 wall is White Rock_Plate as well as uses Orange Ceramic_Tile for floor. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in east. Moreover, livingroom1 uses White Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Red. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in center. Additionally, kitchen1 floor is Earth_color Quartz as well as has Purple Wood_Grain wall. kitchen1 has 8 squares in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. The house plan has three washrooms, two livingrooms, one storage, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 wall is Red Bamboo_Vine, and floor is Mosaic and Earth_color. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom2 has 5 squares in west. washroom2 wall is Black Coating while floor is Wood_color Wallpaper. In addition, washroom3 uses Purple Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Green Stone_Brick. washroom3 covers 2 square meters located in center. Moreover, livingroom1 has 33 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and White while wall is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. In addition, livingroom2 wall is Earth_color Marble, and has Wood_color Wood_Veneer floor. livingroom2 is in east with 13 square meters. storage1 wall is Red Rock_Plate as well as uses Yellow Wood_Grain for floor. storage1 has 5 squares in southeast. bedroom1 has 16 squares in northwest. floor of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Purple while wall is Cement_Board and Pink. floor of bedroom2 is Quartz and Wood_color as well as wall is Rock_Plate and White. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in east. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 has Purple Granite wall while floor is White Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Yellow. balcony1 has White Pure_Color_Wood wall while floor is Black Coating. balcony1 is in west with 8 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom2 is next to livingroom2, bedroom3. kitchen1, storage1 and livingroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. storage1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom2 is next to washroom3. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Blue, and uses Orange Bamboo_Vine for floor. bedroom1 has 14 squares in northwest. In addition, bedroom2 is in northeast with 13 square meters. bedroom2 has Red Granite wall while has Green Painted_Wood floor. washroom1 uses Black Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Pink. washroom1 has 5 squares in north. floor of balcony1 is Rock_Plate and Green while wall is Yellow Jade. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. wall of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Earth_color, and uses Pink Coating for floor. livingroom1 is in east with 26 square meters. kitchen1 is in southeast with 10 square meters. kitchen1 uses Pink Wood_Veneer for floor while wall is Red Ceramics. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and White. In addition, bedroom1 has Blue Stone_Brick floor while wall is Red Rock_Plate. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom2 floor is Pink Ceramics as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. bedroom2 is in west with 5 square meters. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Yellow, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Pink. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. kitchen1 has Pink Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Green. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in east. bedroom1 wall is White Stone_Brick as well as floor is Orange Quartz. Moreover, bedroom2 has 8 squares in center. bedroom2 floor is Blue Painted_Wood while has Blue Log wall. Additionally, bedroom3 has 7 squares in north. wall of bedroom3 is Wallpaper and Wood_color, and uses Earth_color Coating for floor. Besides, floor of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Purple as well as wall is Black Granite. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in center. Additionally, balcony1 has 3 squares in south. wall of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Yellow while floor is Blue Rock_Plate. Moreover, livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile, and has Orange Log wall. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in west. In addition, kitchen1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Green as well as has White Jade floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 has Wood_color Cement_Board wall as well as uses Wood_color Jade for floor. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 has Wood_color Coating floor, and wall is Purple Quartz. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom1 uses Red Ceramic_Tile for floor while wall is Wood_color Wallpaper. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in east. balcony1 uses White Wall_Cloth for floor as well as has Orange Jade wall. balcony2 is in north with 3 square meters. floor of balcony2 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple, and wall is Wood_Veneer and White. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Red Log floor while has Pink Rock_Plate wall. In addition, kitchen1 has 8 squares in northwest. kitchen1 uses Red Marble for floor, and wall is Quartz and White. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 is next to balcony2. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 13 squares in northwest. bedroom1 has Black Quartz floor, and has White Quartz wall. bedroom2 floor is Red Wood_Grain while wall is Coating and Purple. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in southwest. Additionally, washroom1 is in west with 6 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and White, and uses Green Wood_Grain for floor. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Ceramics and Blue as well as wall is Gray Wood_Grain. balcony1 has 7 squares in northwest. Moreover, livingroom1 has Earth_color Ceramics wall, and uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 23 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 has 6 squares in southeast. wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and Earth_color while floor is Green Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has Red Granite floor as well as wall is Wood_color Wallpaper. washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile floor while has Purple Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom2 has Purple Ceramics floor as well as wall is Black Painted_Wood. bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. Moreover, livingroom1 uses Earth_color Ceramics for floor while wall is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color. livingroom1 has 18 squares in center. kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. wall of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Orange, and floor is Ceramics and Purple. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in center. bedroom1 has Pink Wood_Veneer floor as well as has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom2 is in center with 11 square meters. bedroom2 uses Orange Wallpaper for floor while has Yellow Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom1 floor is Orange Painted_Wood, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Gray. washroom1 has 5 squares in northwest. balcony1 uses Black Pure_Color_Wood for floor while has Purple Coating wall. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is in northeast with 24 square meters. livingroom1 uses Pink Granite for floor as well as wall is Ceramics and Red. kitchen1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Pink Log floor, and has White Stone_Brick wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Black Painted_Wood wall, and has Yellow Painted_Wood floor. livingroom1 uses Pink Cement_Board for floor while has Yellow Rock_Plate wall. livingroom1 is in west with 26 square meters. closet1 is in south with 4 square meters. wall of closet1 is Marble and Black as well as has Purple Coating floor. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Orange, and floor is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. bedroom2 is in center with 11 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in center. floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Black as well as wall is Log and Orange. In addition, balcony1 wall is Pink Log, and floor is Quartz and Black. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, closet1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, closet1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, balcony1. washroom1 is next to closet1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 11 squares in north. bedroom1 uses Red Coating for floor as well as wall is Orange Wallpaper. Additionally, floor of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Green while has Green Granite wall. bedroom2 has 8 squares in center. Besides, bedroom3 is in southwest with 7 square meters. bedroom3 has Green Wall_Cloth wall as well as floor is Wallpaper and Purple. washroom1 is in southeast with 3 square meters. washroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall while floor is Blue Marble. Additionally, balcony1 wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood as well as uses Black Rock_Plate for floor. balcony1 has 6 squares in northwest. livingroom1 uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. livingroom1 has 28 squares in west. In addition, kitchen1 has 7 squares in southeast. kitchen1 has Orange Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Purple. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 uses Orange Granite for floor, and wall is Red Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 is in south with 10 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall as well as floor is Red Coating. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in center. Additionally, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in west. washroom1 floor is Gray Mosaic while wall is Marble and Gray. Moreover, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. floor of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color, and wall is Gray Rock_Plate. Besides, livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Green Ceramics while uses Blue Marble for floor. kitchen1 has Pink Coating wall, and floor is Cement_Board and Blue. kitchen1 is in north with 8 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Orange Painted_Wood. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 has 11 squares in southwest. bedroom2 has White Jade wall, and uses Gray Wood_Grain for floor. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. floor of bedroom3 is Quartz and Wood_color as well as wall is Quartz and Red. In addition, washroom1 has 6 squares in north. washroom1 has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Cement_Board and Earth_color. Additionally, washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Ceramics and Yellow, and floor is Wallpaper and Purple. wall of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange as well as uses Orange Log for floor. balcony1 is in west with 8 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Ceramics while floor is Ceramics and White. livingroom1 covers 40 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 11 square meters located in east. kitchen1 has Purple Bamboo_Vine wall, and floor is Green Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to bedroom3. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 has White Quartz wall, and floor is Earth_color Jade. washroom1 is in east with 7 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 is in center with 6 square meters. washroom2 has Red Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Blue. livingroom1 has Purple Rock_Plate wall while floor is Red Cement_Board. livingroom1 covers 83 square meters located in center. Additionally, bedroom1 floor is Orange Pure_Color_Wood, and wall is Yellow Log. bedroom1 covers 22 square meters located in southeast. In addition, bedroom2 floor is Gray Coating as well as wall is Purple Rock_Plate. bedroom2 covers 15 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one storage, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 floor is Blue Ceramic_Tile, and has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 has 5 squares in north. wall of washroom2 is Rock_Plate and Black as well as uses Red Pure_Color_Wood for floor. livingroom1 uses Black Coating for floor, and wall is Earth_color Coating. livingroom1 has 39 squares in east. closet1 covers 4 square meters located in west. floor of closet1 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink as well as wall is Orange Wall_Cloth. storage1 has 1 squares in center. storage1 wall is Orange Granite while floor is Purple Ceramic_Tile. Additionally, bedroom1 uses Orange Jade for floor as well as wall is White Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in south. Besides, bedroom2 has 14 squares in southwest. wall of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and White, and uses Purple Mosaic for floor. In addition, bedroom3 has Earth_color Painted_Wood floor as well as has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom3 has 12 squares in northwest. Moreover, kitchen1 has 9 squares in north. kitchen1 has Orange Bamboo_Vine floor, and has Green Granite wall. Besides, wall of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Pink as well as has Wood_color Jade floor. balcony1 has 11 squares in south. balcony2 floor is Pink Mosaic, and wall is Painted_Wood and Black. balcony2 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom2, closet1, storage1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. closet1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2, washroom2, storage1. washroom1 is next to closet1. washroom2 is adjacent to storage1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 21 squares in west. bedroom1 floor is Orange Marble as well as has White Ceramic_Tile wall. Additionally, bedroom2 has 13 squares in north. bedroom2 wall is Orange Wall_Cloth while has Black Quartz floor. wall of bedroom3 is Rock_Plate and Wood_color, and has Earth_color Coating floor. bedroom3 is in south with 12 square meters. washroom1 has Gray Cement_Board wall as well as floor is White Granite. washroom1 is in center with 3 square meters. Besides, wall of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Orange while floor is Wood_color Mosaic. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. Moreover, balcony2 is in north with 3 square meters. balcony2 wall is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Wallpaper and Blue. livingroom1 has Yellow Mosaic floor as well as wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 is in east with 45 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 has Wood_color Jade floor while wall is Marble and Earth_color. kitchen1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, balcony2. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. balcony2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Blue Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Quartz and Earth_color. bedroom1 has 18 squares in southwest. bedroom2 wall is Orange Coating while has Orange Quartz floor. bedroom2 covers 17 square meters located in north. washroom1 floor is Wood_color Marble as well as wall is Red Log. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. In addition, washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom2 floor is Yellow Ceramics while wall is Painted_Wood and Red. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. wall of balcony1 is Ceramics and Wood_color as well as floor is Purple Stone_Brick. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Wood_color, and has Pink Cement_Board wall. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. Besides, kitchen1 has Green Ceramics floor while has Black Jade wall. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2. kitchen1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom1 has Pink Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Green Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. floor of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Wood_color as well as has Blue Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom3 floor is Blue Quartz, and has Black Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. wall of washroom1 is Wallpaper and Green while uses Purple Jade for floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. In addition, balcony1 wall is Green Stone_Brick, and has Black Coating floor. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. livingroom1 has Pink Cement_Board wall as well as floor is Wood_color Quartz. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. Moreover, kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine, and has Gray Painted_Wood floor. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. The building contains three washrooms, one livingroom, and four bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Gray. washroom1 has 7 squares in northwest. In addition, washroom2 has Yellow Rock_Plate wall, and floor is Purple Wallpaper. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. Besides, wall of washroom3 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink while uses Purple Cement_Board for floor. washroom3 covers 4 square meters located in north. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 55 square meters. livingroom1 has Green Ceramics floor, and has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall. bedroom1 has 18 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has Green Log floor as well as wall is Green Mosaic. floor of bedroom2 is Jade and Green while wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in west. bedroom3 has Orange Cement_Board wall as well as uses Black Coating for floor. bedroom3 has 11 squares in southwest. bedroom4 has 9 squares in northwest. bedroom4 has Gray Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Cement_Board and Purple. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, bedroom4, washroom2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom3. bedroom4, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. bedroom4 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom3. washroom3 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains four bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Purple Mosaic floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Green. bedroom1 has 19 squares in west. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Orange Log for floor while wall is Ceramics and Earth_color. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom3 is Quartz and Green as well as uses Blue Ceramics for floor. bedroom3 is in south with 10 square meters. In addition, wall of bedroom4 is Wallpaper and Green, and floor is Green Quartz. bedroom4 covers 8 square meters located in west. Besides, wall of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Purple as well as has Pink Mosaic floor. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. In addition, wall of washroom2 is Wood_Grain and Red, and floor is Gray Granite. washroom2 has 4 squares in southeast. Besides, balcony1 has Orange Stone_Brick wall as well as has Red Mosaic floor. balcony1 is in north with 6 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Green Jade, and floor is Rock_Plate and Orange. livingroom1 has 31 squares in center. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Black while floor is Black Log. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, bedroom4, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom4, washroom1. bedroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom4 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. To be specific, washroom1 has 5 squares in south. washroom1 floor is Wood_color Mosaic as well as wall is Coating and Earth_color. livingroom1 has 25 squares in east. floor of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and White while wall is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. bedroom1 uses Green Jade for floor, and has Purple Stone_Brick wall. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in center. bedroom2 has 4 squares in west. bedroom2 uses White Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Marble and White. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, bedroom2. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in southwest with 19 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Purple as well as floor is Red Mosaic. bedroom2 has 16 squares in northwest. bedroom2 wall is Green Mosaic, and floor is Painted_Wood and White. Additionally, bedroom3 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Pink Mosaic. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in south. Moreover, washroom1 is in north with 6 square meters. washroom1 wall is White Wood_Veneer, and has Red Marble floor. washroom2 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Red as well as floor is Yellow Rock_Plate. balcony1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Marble and Orange, and has Red Ceramics wall. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Wallpaper while has White Granite floor. livingroom1 is in east with 43 square meters. kitchen1 covers 14 square meters located in north. floor of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Blue as well as wall is Yellow Ceramics. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has Orange Rock_Plate floor as well as wall is Pink Coating. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom1 is Granite and White, and floor is Gray Painted_Wood. bedroom1 has 10 squares in northwest. Additionally, bedroom2 is in southwest with 10 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and White while wall is Wallpaper and White. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Wall_Cloth, and floor is Wood_color Wood_Grain. balcony1 is in south with 4 square meters. balcony1 wall is Red Ceramic_Tile while floor is Log and Gray. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. House has one washroom, two livingrooms, and two bedrooms. In practice, washroom1 uses Blue Ceramics for floor as well as wall is Wood_color Granite. washroom1 has 2 squares in southeast. Additionally, livingroom1 has 21 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Gray Wallpaper for floor while wall is Quartz and Pink. Besides, livingroom2 has Black Jade floor as well as wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain. livingroom2 has 1 squares in center. bedroom1 has White Granite floor while wall is Purple Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, bedroom2 has Green Wallpaper floor, and wall is Purple Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 is in southwest with 8 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, livingroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, livingroom2. livingroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has White Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Cement_Board and Green. bedroom1 has 14 squares in southeast. Moreover, floor of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and Earth_color while wall is Blue Quartz. bedroom2 has 12 squares in west. In addition, wall of washroom1 is Marble and Yellow as well as uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor. washroom1 is in west with 3 square meters. Additionally, floor of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color while wall is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in north. Besides, livingroom1 has 28 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow as well as wall is Yellow Log. Additionally, wall of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and Green, and floor is Orange Granite. kitchen1 is in southwest with 9 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one corridor, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 is in center with 3 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Granite and Black, and wall is Green Coating. Moreover, floor of washroom2 is Log and Yellow while has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall. washroom2 has 3 squares in center. livingroom1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Purple Stone_Brick. livingroom1 is in center with 31 square meters. Additionally, corridor1 has 3 squares in east. corridor1 wall is Black Bamboo_Vine as well as floor is Pink Jade. bedroom1 has 9 squares in east. bedroom1 uses Pink Bamboo_Vine for floor, and has Purple Jade wall. wall of kitchen1 is Marble and Orange as well as uses Gray Stone_Brick for floor. kitchen1 has 8 squares in east. wall of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Red, and floor is Purple Wood_Veneer. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, corridor1, washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1, corridor1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to corridor1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in southeast with 3 square meters. washroom1 wall is Red Coating, and has Yellow Ceramics floor. bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Granite while floor is Wood_color Coating. bedroom1 has 13 squares in north. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Purple Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 is in south with 18 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 has Gray Painted_Wood wall while floor is Jade and Green. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1. Building layout contains one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in west with 17 square meters. bedroom1 has White Marble floor as well as has Wood_color Ceramics wall. washroom1 has Purple Wall_Cloth wall, and floor is Marble and Green. washroom1 has 3 squares in east. balcony1 has 2 squares in northeast. floor of balcony1 is Jade and Purple while has Purple Mosaic wall. livingroom1 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 is in south with 26 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Marble and Blue while uses Blue Jade for floor. kitchen1 has 5 squares in east. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1, balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 uses Earth_color Jade for floor as well as wall is Yellow Ceramics. In addition, washroom2 is in center with 4 square meters. washroom2 has Wood_color Cement_Board floor, and wall is Marble and Pink. study1 uses Wood_color Stone_Brick for floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Orange. study1 is in east with 8 square meters. Besides, bedroom1 has 17 squares in west. wall of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Yellow as well as floor is Stone_Brick and Gray. bedroom2 has 9 squares in east. bedroom2 floor is Black Jade while wall is Green Wood_Grain. Moreover, floor of livingroom1 is Jade and Red, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Purple. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 uses Orange Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Pink. kitchen1 has 6 squares in center. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. study1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 uses Orange Ceramics for floor as well as has Orange Rock_Plate wall. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has 17 squares in west. livingroom1 has Orange Rock_Plate floor, and wall is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine. In addition, floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple while wall is Purple Ceramics. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in south. wall of washroom1 is Coating and Orange as well as uses Wood_color Wood_Grain for floor. livingroom1 uses Green Wood_Grain for floor while has Gray Ceramics wall. livingroom1 has 34 squares in east. closet1 has 3 squares in center. closet1 has Yellow Ceramics wall as well as has Green Rock_Plate floor. Moreover, study1 has 9 squares in east. study1 has Gray Ceramics wall, and has White Ceramics floor. bedroom1 has 17 squares in west. bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Stone_Brick as well as floor is Earth_color Mosaic. Besides, bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in west. floor of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Blue, and wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood. kitchen1 is in east with 6 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer as well as uses Orange Coating for floor. balcony1 wall is Pink Log while floor is Black Mosaic. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in west. In addition, floor of balcony2 is Cement_Board and Gray, and has Gray Granite wall. balcony2 is in west with 4 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, kitchen1, closet1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1, closet1. washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1. balcony2 and balcony1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in north. bedroom1 has Green Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Purple Ceramics. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in south. bedroom2 wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Red. washroom1 has White Ceramics floor, and has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom1 has 3 squares in west. balcony1 has 5 squares in north. balcony1 wall is Purple Ceramics while floor is Yellow Log. livingroom1 has 27 squares in center. livingroom1 has Black Ceramic_Tile wall, and floor is White Marble. Additionally, kitchen1 is in south with 9 square meters. kitchen1 has Pink Stone_Brick wall while uses Yellow Marble for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray, and uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor. washroom1 is in southwest with 4 square meters. Additionally, bedroom1 has 16 squares in east. bedroom1 uses Orange Ceramics for floor as well as wall is Marble and Wood_color. bedroom2 has 8 squares in southeast. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Cement_Board while has Purple Ceramics floor. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Green as well as has White Wall_Cloth wall. livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. Besides, floor of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue while wall is Rock_Plate and Orange. kitchen1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in southwest. wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Orange, and has Blue Jade floor. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Purple as well as has Purple Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom2 covers 18 square meters located in southeast. washroom1 has Earth_color Marble wall, and floor is Purple Painted_Wood. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. balcony1 has 4 squares in west. floor of balcony1 is Granite and Green as well as wall is Granite and Black. Moreover, livingroom1 has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall while uses Black Mosaic for floor. livingroom1 covers 22 square meters located in center. Additionally, wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Green, and uses White Ceramic_Tile for floor. kitchen1 is in northeast with 8 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Pink Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Black. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Blue Granite, and floor is Log and White. bedroom2 is in west with 11 square meters. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. washroom1 uses White Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as wall is Marble and Purple. Additionally, balcony1 has Pink Jade wall while floor is Wall_Cloth and Black. balcony1 covers 11 square meters located in north. livingroom1 has 26 squares in center. livingroom1 has White Painted_Wood floor, and has White Wallpaper wall. kitchen1 uses Yellow Coating for floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and White. kitchen1 has 13 squares in southeast. bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has Gray Mosaic floor as well as has Gray Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Additionally, livingroom1 is in west with 29 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color. In addition, study1 covers 6 square meters located in north. study1 floor is Orange Mosaic as well as wall is Gray Marble. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 uses Blue Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Wood_color Mosaic. Moreover, bedroom2 has 11 squares in south. bedroom2 has Earth_color Log floor while wall is Mosaic and Purple. In addition, bedroom3 covers 4 square meters located in east. bedroom3 uses Blue Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Earth_color. kitchen1 has 4 squares in northwest. kitchen1 has Black Mosaic wall while floor is Green Ceramics. Besides, balcony1 has 5 squares in southwest. balcony1 has Yellow Ceramic_Tile floor, and wall is Earth_color Quartz. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. study1 is next to washroom1, bedroom3. kitchen1 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 uses Purple Quartz for floor as well as wall is White Granite. bedroom1 has 13 squares in west. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has Yellow Ceramics wall, and floor is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. In addition, washroom1 wall is Yellow Granite while floor is Blue Marble. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in center. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in west. floor of balcony1 is Rock_Plate and White, and has Black Marble wall. livingroom1 wall is Red Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Purple Rock_Plate. livingroom1 has 22 squares in center. livingroom2 floor is Red Log while wall is Wood_Grain and Orange. livingroom2 covers 10 square meters located in east. Besides, kitchen1 floor is Wood_color Jade, and wall is Granite and Blue. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1. livingroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. House has two bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in center with 13 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Purple Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Red Marble. bedroom2 is in west with 11 square meters. bedroom2 has Earth_color Granite wall, and uses Gray Wood_Grain for floor. Additionally, washroom1 covers 2 square meters located in north. floor of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and White while has Pink Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom2 wall is Blue Granite as well as has Earth_color Painted_Wood floor. washroom2 is in north with 2 square meters. balcony1 floor is Orange Cement_Board, and wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 has 9 squares in southeast. In addition, balcony2 floor is Green Stone_Brick as well as wall is Black Cement_Board. balcony2 covers 5 square meters located in west. Additionally, livingroom1 has Wood_color Mosaic floor, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color. livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in east. In addition, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Quartz as well as has Yellow Granite floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1, balcony2. balcony2, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has White Wood_Grain floor, and has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1 is in southwest with 15 square meters. bedroom2 has 10 squares in south. bedroom2 wall is Blue Marble while uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor. Additionally, washroom1 uses Purple Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Blue Stone_Brick. washroom1 has 8 squares in west. balcony1 has Red Mosaic wall while floor is Painted_Wood and Orange. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in east. livingroom1 has White Rock_Plate wall as well as has Red Wallpaper floor. livingroom1 is in east with 30 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 has Purple Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Log and Yellow. kitchen1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. kitchen1 and washroom1 are connected. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of washroom1 is Quartz and Blue as well as has Red Wood_Grain floor. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 wall is Green Ceramic_Tile, and uses Earth_color Cement_Board for floor. bedroom1 has 14 squares in northeast. bedroom2 has Blue Wood_Veneer floor as well as wall is Green Painted_Wood. bedroom2 is in northwest with 10 square meters. livingroom1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor while wall is Yellow Stone_Brick. livingroom1 has 38 squares in center. Moreover, kitchen1 has 6 squares in west. kitchen1 has Pink Jade wall as well as floor is Wallpaper and Red. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in east. bedroom1 wall is Green Marble as well as floor is Wood_color Rock_Plate. Moreover, bedroom2 has 12 squares in west. bedroom2 wall is Green Cement_Board while uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Blue Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Jade and Orange. Additionally, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in east. balcony1 has White Coating floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and White. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine, and uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor. livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in west. kitchen1 floor is Blue Wood_Grain while wall is Earth_color Ceramics. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 floor is Purple Quartz as well as has Wood_color Jade wall. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in center. bedroom2 has Blue Quartz floor, and has Blue Stone_Brick wall. bedroom2 is in southeast with 9 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. floor of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Orange as well as has Black Painted_Wood wall. Besides, balcony1 has 10 squares in northwest. balcony1 floor is Earth_color Mosaic while wall is Red Cement_Board. livingroom1 has Earth_color Granite wall, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. livingroom1 covers 26 square meters located in center. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Coating and Black while uses Green Marble for floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to kitchen1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Purple Wall_Cloth wall, and has Green Quartz floor. bedroom1 has 15 squares in northwest. Additionally, bedroom2 is in northeast with 10 square meters. bedroom2 wall is White Mosaic while uses Purple Wood_Grain for floor. floor of washroom1 is Wallpaper and White as well as wall is Earth_color Wood_Grain. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in north. floor of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and White while has White Rock_Plate wall. balcony1 has 8 squares in southwest. balcony2 wall is Purple Rock_Plate as well as has Earth_color Jade floor. balcony2 has 4 squares in southeast. In addition, livingroom1 has Yellow Wallpaper wall while uses Purple Ceramic_Tile for floor. livingroom1 has 40 squares in center. Additionally, kitchen1 floor is Gray Cement_Board as well as wall is Cement_Board and Red. kitchen1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 uses Black Jade for floor as well as has Pink Wood_Veneer wall. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in east. Moreover, washroom2 has Orange Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Red Stone_Brick. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in east. Besides, livingroom1 uses Gray Pure_Color_Wood for floor while has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall. livingroom1 covers 57 square meters located in center. study1 covers 12 square meters located in northwest. study1 uses Gray Granite for floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Yellow. In addition, wall of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Pink, and has Black Log floor. bedroom1 covers 25 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 uses Blue Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Quartz and Black. bedroom2 is in southwest with 19 square meters. bedroom3 has Orange Log floor, and has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall. bedroom3 is in northeast with 18 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor as well as wall is Green Stone_Brick. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 is in south with 7 square meters. balcony1 wall is Red Wood_Grain, and uses Earth_color Jade for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom2. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 floor is Purple Granite, and has Wood_color Granite wall. bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. In addition, wall of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Yellow as well as floor is Wood_Grain and Green. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. Additionally, bedroom3 wall is Purple Painted_Wood, and uses Purple Stone_Brick for floor. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. In addition, wall of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color as well as uses White Pure_Color_Wood for floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile wall while uses Green Marble for floor. Moreover, balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. balcony2 has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor. floor of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Black while has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. Besides, kitchen1 uses Purple Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Green. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in north. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color as well as wall is Wallpaper and Black. In addition, livingroom1 has 51 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Purple while floor is Green Mosaic. Moreover, closet1 is in north with 4 square meters. closet1 has Yellow Jade floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Purple. study1 has Pink Wood_Grain floor while wall is Gray Wood_Grain. study1 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. Besides, bedroom1 has 17 squares in east. floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Yellow, and has Blue Quartz wall. bedroom2 is in northwest with 13 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Pink Marble as well as has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom3 floor is Pink Ceramics while wall is Wallpaper and Pink. bedroom3 is in west with 10 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 has Yellow Ceramics floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Gray. kitchen1 covers 11 square meters located in west. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Wall_Cloth while uses Pink Jade for floor. balcony1 is in east with 9 square meters. Additionally, balcony2 is in west with 6 square meters. balcony2 uses Red Ceramics for floor as well as has Blue Granite wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, balcony1, study1, closet1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to closet1. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to bedroom3, study1, balcony2. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony2. closet1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Black Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is White Jade. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. floor of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Red, and wall is Painted_Wood and Pink. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in west. bedroom3 is in northwest with 8 square meters. bedroom3 uses Black Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Yellow. livingroom1 is in center with 43 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Pink Granite while wall is Green Painted_Wood. In addition, kitchen1 is in north with 3 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Purple, and wall is Gray Wallpaper. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. bedroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 11 squares in south. bedroom1 has Green Log floor as well as wall is Marble and White. Moreover, bedroom2 has Purple Marble wall while floor is Earth_color Coating. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom3 has 7 squares in center. bedroom3 uses Purple Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Earth_color Ceramics. washroom1 is in center with 6 square meters. washroom1 wall is Black Log as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. In addition, balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 uses Purple Ceramic_Tile for floor while wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood. Moreover, livingroom1 uses Purple Granite for floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Gray. livingroom1 is in center with 26 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and Wood_color, and has Green Painted_Wood floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, balcony1. washroom1, kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. The building contains one bedroom, one washroom, two balconys, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in north. bedroom1 has Pink Rock_Plate wall as well as floor is Earth_color Marble. wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Green while floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in center. balcony1 is in northeast with 2 square meters. balcony1 has Wood_color Mosaic floor as well as has Red Wood_Grain wall. balcony2 is in west with 2 square meters. balcony2 wall is Black Stone_Brick while floor is Wall_Cloth and Purple. livingroom1 covers 14 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 uses White Ceramics for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. livingroom2 covers 3 square meters located in south. livingroom2 has Wood_color Cement_Board wall as well as floor is Red Coating. kitchen1 uses Black Rock_Plate for floor while wall is Green Granite. kitchen1 is in southwest with 3 square meters. bedroom1, washroom1, livingroom2, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 is next to livingroom2, balcony2. livingroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has Green Ceramic_Tile floor as well as has White Log wall. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. washroom2 uses Yellow Granite for floor while has Pink Coating wall. washroom2 has 5 squares in east. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 44 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Red Rock_Plate, and has Green Coating floor. Besides, study1 covers 8 square meters located in northwest. study1 floor is Blue Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Green Rock_Plate. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Wood_color while wall is Painted_Wood and Gray. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is Yellow Ceramics as well as has Green Painted_Wood floor. bedroom2 is in northeast with 14 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Green Mosaic, and has Orange Wallpaper wall. bedroom3 has 13 squares in west. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has Earth_color Mosaic floor. Besides, balcony1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. balcony1 uses Green Wood_Veneer for floor while wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, washroom1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom2. study1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. washroom1 wall is White Cement_Board as well as floor is Green Jade. washroom2 is in north with 3 square meters. washroom2 wall is Wood_color Wall_Cloth while floor is Gray Bamboo_Vine. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 40 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Black Wall_Cloth. Moreover, closet1 is in southeast with 10 square meters. closet1 has Red Cement_Board wall while floor is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. Additionally, bedroom1 uses Orange Marble for floor, and has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1 covers 20 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 floor is Black Wood_Veneer while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Gray. bedroom2 is in southwest with 16 square meters. Besides, bedroom3 wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain, and has Blue Jade floor. bedroom3 has 12 squares in northeast. kitchen1 is in east with 12 square meters. kitchen1 has Orange Jade floor while has Blue Coating wall. Moreover, balcony1 has Pink Rock_Plate floor, and wall is Black Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 covers 14 square meters located in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, closet1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom2. closet1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. House has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in east. bedroom1 wall is Black Bamboo_Vine, and has Yellow Painted_Wood floor. In addition, washroom1 is in northeast with 9 square meters. washroom1 wall is Pink Wallpaper as well as uses Earth_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. Additionally, balcony1 has 8 squares in northwest. balcony1 wall is Orange Mosaic while uses Pink Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 has Orange Rock_Plate wall as well as floor is Wallpaper and Yellow. livingroom1 has 22 squares in west. kitchen1 has Yellow Log floor, and wall is Coating and Red. kitchen1 has 9 squares in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom1 uses Red Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Gray Rock_Plate. In addition, floor of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Earth_color while wall is Earth_color Cement_Board. bedroom2 has 8 squares in west. Besides, floor of bedroom3 is Painted_Wood and Green as well as has Purple Stone_Brick wall. bedroom3 has 8 squares in northwest. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 43 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Red Painted_Wood while uses Red Wood_Grain for floor. kitchen1 wall is Purple Stone_Brick as well as floor is Stone_Brick and Blue. kitchen1 covers 3 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. bedroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. Building layout contains three washrooms, one livingroom, two studys, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 uses Orange Coating for floor, and wall is White Quartz. washroom1 is in north with 6 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 has Yellow Rock_Plate floor as well as has Gray Coating wall. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. In addition, floor of washroom3 is Wall_Cloth and Red while has White Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom3 has 2 squares in center. Besides, livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color, and floor is Ceramics and Gray. Additionally, wall of study1 is Wallpaper and Gray while uses Orange Wallpaper for floor. study1 is in center with 15 square meters. In addition, study2 covers 5 square meters located in south. study2 has Orange Quartz floor, and has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 23 square meters located in southwest. floor of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Black as well as wall is Pink Wood_Grain. bedroom2 has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall while uses Red Ceramic_Tile for floor. bedroom2 is in northwest with 17 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Blue Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Black Quartz. kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in east. Besides, floor of balcony1 is Marble and Orange as well as wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, study2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. study2 and study1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2, washroom3. washroom2 is next to washroom3. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 floor is Blue Wood_Grain, and wall is Green Stone_Brick. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. Moreover, wall of bedroom1 is Coating and Orange while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. bedroom1 is in north with 15 square meters. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 has Gray Wall_Cloth wall, and floor is Blue Jade. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Yellow Cement_Board as well as has Green Cement_Board wall. livingroom1 has 36 squares in west. Moreover, kitchen1 is in south with 8 square meters. kitchen1 has Wood_color Coating floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Black. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Mosaic and Purple as well as uses Orange Ceramics for floor. Moreover, livingroom1 uses Yellow Granite for floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Earth_color. livingroom1 covers 39 square meters located in center. Besides, floor of study1 is Wood_Veneer and Pink while wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer. study1 covers 7 square meters located in north. In addition, bedroom1 uses White Ceramics for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Black. bedroom1 is in south with 11 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 is in center with 10 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and Red as well as has Blue Wallpaper floor. kitchen1 is in north with 5 square meters. kitchen1 uses White Wall_Cloth for floor, and has Pink Mosaic wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. floor of balcony1 is Mosaic and Gray as well as wall is Blue Log. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. washroom1 uses Blue Jade for floor, and has Gray Quartz wall. livingroom1 uses Blue Jade for floor while wall is Green Jade. livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Black, and floor is Black Granite. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has Gray Ceramic_Tile floor, and has White Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in east. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is Blue Jade as well as has Pink Stone_Brick floor. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, washroom1 has Red Coating wall while floor is Earth_color Stone_Brick. washroom1 is in northwest with 5 square meters. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 wall is Black Mosaic, and uses Wood_color Wood_Veneer for floor. balcony2 uses Orange Granite for floor while wall is Stone_Brick and Orange. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in northwest. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Orange Wood_Grain, and uses Black Ceramics for floor. kitchen1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Purple while floor is Red Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. balcony2 and washroom1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Blue Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Green Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in west. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in center. bedroom2 uses Black Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Stone_Brick and Red. In addition, bedroom3 has Red Mosaic wall as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color. bedroom3 has 11 squares in east. Additionally, washroom1 has 3 squares in south. washroom1 uses Pink Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Green Wall_Cloth. washroom2 is in northeast with 3 square meters. washroom2 has Green Quartz wall as well as uses Gray Marble for floor. Moreover, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in west. floor of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Pink while wall is Red Pure_Color_Wood. balcony2 wall is Gray Cement_Board as well as has Earth_color Marble floor. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in east. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 34 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Green while floor is White Marble. kitchen1 wall is Orange Granite as well as has Blue Mosaic floor. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, balcony2. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom3 is next to balcony2. balcony2, washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony2 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 is in east with 6 square meters. washroom1 has Wood_color Marble floor as well as has Black Mosaic wall. Additionally, washroom2 has 5 squares in north. washroom2 has Purple Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Wood_color Quartz. floor of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Orange as well as has Orange Granite wall. livingroom1 covers 44 square meters located in center. Moreover, study1 wall is Pink Stone_Brick, and has Gray Jade floor. study1 has 10 squares in east. Besides, bedroom1 wall is Purple Marble as well as floor is Purple Cement_Board. bedroom1 has 18 squares in northwest. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is Blue Log while floor is Jade and Orange. bedroom2 has 13 squares in northeast. Besides, kitchen1 is in southeast with 9 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Black as well as has Black Quartz floor. floor of balcony1 is Coating and Blue, and wall is Gray Granite. balcony1 has 6 squares in west. Additionally, balcony2 is in southeast with 4 square meters. floor of balcony2 is Painted_Wood and Orange as well as wall is Ceramics and Purple. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2. study1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, wall of washroom1 is Jade and Blue, and has White Granite floor. washroom1 has 3 squares in northwest. Moreover, bedroom1 has Purple Cement_Board wall as well as has Orange Stone_Brick floor. bedroom1 has 14 squares in north. livingroom1 uses Red Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Red Marble. livingroom1 has 17 squares in south. Besides, balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 has Purple Painted_Wood floor as well as has White Granite wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in east. washroom1 has Gray Coating wall as well as floor is Mosaic and Green. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has Pink Ceramics wall while has Gray Pure_Color_Wood floor. study1 wall is Green Quartz, and has Red Ceramics floor. study1 has 8 squares in northwest. Additionally, bedroom1 wall is Wood_color Cement_Board as well as uses Blue Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom1 has 14 squares in north. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Gray while floor is Earth_color Wallpaper. bedroom2 is in south with 7 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 wall is Pink Granite as well as floor is White Wood_Grain. kitchen1 has 6 squares in south. Besides, balcony1 has Black Marble wall, and has Red Wall_Cloth floor. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. study1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, balcony1. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom1 is Log and Orange, and has Pink Cement_Board floor. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is White Ceramic_Tile while uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor. bedroom2 is in center with 8 square meters. Besides, washroom1 uses Purple Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Blue Wallpaper. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 is in southwest with 3 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Jade and Black while has Black Coating wall. In addition, livingroom1 has 23 squares in east. livingroom1 has Blue Marble wall, and floor is Blue Rock_Plate. Besides, kitchen1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Green Log as well as wall is Wood_color Marble. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has Wood_color Granite wall, and floor is Green Ceramics. washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. Additionally, bedroom1 has Gray Pure_Color_Wood wall while floor is Wood_color Quartz. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. floor of bedroom2 is Jade and Black, and wall is Black Mosaic. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses Green Granite for floor as well as has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Quartz and Purple, and wall is Log and Black. kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. floor of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow, and has Orange Granite wall. Moreover, bedroom1 has 12 squares in southwest. bedroom1 has White Stone_Brick floor as well as has Orange Granite wall. bedroom2 has Purple Log wall, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Blue. bedroom2 has 9 squares in northwest. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 30 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Blue Coating while wall is Cement_Board and Black. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. kitchen1 uses Red Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Purple. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in south. washroom1 wall is Orange Marble as well as floor is Earth_color Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is in center with 23 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Green Wallpaper while has Purple Mosaic floor. Moreover, balcony1 floor is Purple Mosaic as well as wall is Black Painted_Wood. balcony1 has 6 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Gray Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as has Red Marble floor. study1 uses Yellow Marble for floor, and wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile. study1 has 7 squares in east. In addition, bedroom1 is in east with 16 square meters. bedroom1 floor is White Wood_Grain as well as has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in west. bedroom2 wall is White Log, and uses Purple Wood_Veneer for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 uses White Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Green Painted_Wood. livingroom1 has 30 squares in west. In addition, kitchen1 has Red Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Granite and Blue. kitchen1 has 7 squares in center. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to study1. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has Earth_color Mosaic wall, and has Wood_color Ceramics floor. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. livingroom1 uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor while wall is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 covers 21 square meters located in south. Additionally, wall of corridor1 is Granite and Wood_color as well as floor is White Ceramic_Tile. corridor1 covers 8 square meters located in east. Besides, kitchen1 wall is Red Rock_Plate, and has Earth_color Ceramics floor. kitchen1 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to corridor1, washroom1. corridor1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one storage, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. washroom1 floor is Purple Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Green Wallpaper. Additionally, washroom2 has 4 squares in west. floor of washroom2 is Wallpaper and Wood_color while wall is Black Ceramics. livingroom1 is in center with 34 square meters. livingroom1 uses Yellow Jade for floor as well as has Blue Bamboo_Vine wall. storage1 has Purple Stone_Brick floor while wall is Wallpaper and Orange. storage1 is in center with 34 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 floor is Black Ceramic_Tile as well as has White Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1 is in east with 12 square meters. bedroom2 uses White Marble for floor while has Gray Granite wall. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in west. bedroom3 floor is Green Quartz, and has Pink Wallpaper wall. bedroom3 has 9 squares in center. In addition, kitchen1 has 6 squares in northwest. kitchen1 floor is Earth_color Marble while wall is Mosaic and Red. balcony1 has 5 squares in east. wall of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray as well as uses Wood_color Log for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, washroom2, storage1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, storage1. bedroom3, washroom2, storage1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, storage1. kitchen1 is next to washroom2, storage1. washroom1 is adjacent to storage1. balcony1 is next to storage1. storage1 and washroom2 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 6 squares in north. washroom1 has Purple Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Pink Jade. livingroom1 uses Earth_color Ceramic_Tile for floor while has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine wall. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in west. study1 has 12 squares in northeast. study1 uses Black Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Coating and Black. Additionally, bedroom1 is in southeast with 17 square meters. bedroom1 uses White Cement_Board for floor while wall is Marble and Gray. In addition, bedroom2 is in south with 15 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Red Granite as well as uses Purple Cement_Board for floor. Besides, kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood, and has Orange Cement_Board floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. Moreover, balcony1 has 5 squares in southwest. wall of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Black while uses Green Wood_Grain for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 wall is Black Quartz, and has Earth_color Painted_Wood floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Green Painted_Wood as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Gray. livingroom1 is in west with 34 square meters. Additionally, bedroom1 uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor while has Pink Wood_Grain wall. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Granite and Black as well as floor is Blue Wallpaper. bedroom1 is in west with 15 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Orange Quartz for floor while wall is Pink Marble. bedroom2 has 8 squares in northwest. Additionally, bedroom3 wall is Earth_color Wallpaper, and floor is Rock_Plate and Gray. bedroom3 has 8 squares in north. washroom1 wall is Orange Coating while floor is Wall_Cloth and Purple. washroom1 has 5 squares in northwest. washroom2 floor is Red Granite, and wall is Gray Granite. washroom2 has 5 squares in northeast. In addition, balcony1 floor is Earth_color Wallpaper while has Orange Wall_Cloth wall. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. livingroom1 has Gray Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has Gray Quartz wall as well as floor is Pink Log. kitchen1 has 7 squares in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 has Yellow Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Wood_Grain and Black. floor of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Pink while has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in southeast. Additionally, bedroom3 is in north with 10 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Orange Ceramics, and wall is Cement_Board and Earth_color. Besides, washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Pink Painted_Wood wall while uses White Rock_Plate for floor. Moreover, washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. washroom2 wall is Green Wallpaper as well as floor is Orange Coating. balcony1 uses Orange Coating for floor while has Wood_color Cement_Board wall. balcony1 has 6 squares in northwest. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in south. balcony2 floor is Black Painted_Wood, and has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in west. floor of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Purple while wall is Blue Painted_Wood. Additionally, kitchen1 has 6 squares in southwest. kitchen1 has Orange Mosaic floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Blue. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 8 squares in southwest. washroom1 has Green Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Coating and Red. Moreover, wall of washroom2 is Wood_Grain and Pink as well as floor is Blue Log. washroom2 has 6 squares in north. Besides, livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Granite, and uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor. livingroom1 has 50 squares in center. Additionally, study1 covers 10 square meters located in east. study1 uses Wood_color Jade for floor as well as has Green Ceramics wall. floor of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Earth_color, and wall is Red Wallpaper. bedroom1 is in northwest with 18 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. floor of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Purple while has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall. kitchen1 wall is Green Painted_Wood as well as has Orange Wall_Cloth floor. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 is in southeast with 4 square meters. balcony1 floor is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Granite and Green. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, kitchen1, washroom2, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom2. study1 is next to balcony1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in west. floor of washroom1 is Quartz and Black, and wall is Quartz and Earth_color. floor of livingroom1 is Granite and Yellow while has Blue Marble wall. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. bedroom1 floor is Red Wallpaper, and wall is Green Rock_Plate. bedroom1 is in east with 13 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 floor is Gray Ceramic_Tile while wall is Marble and Pink. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 is in center with 7 square meters. washroom1 has Yellow Cement_Board wall as well as has Blue Painted_Wood floor. In addition, bedroom1 wall is Red Wall_Cloth while floor is Marble and Pink. bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 is in north with 12 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Yellow Ceramics as well as has White Marble floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has Green Ceramic_Tile floor while has Yellow Painted_Wood wall. livingroom1 is in south with 43 square meters. balcony1 has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall, and uses Yellow Wood_Veneer for floor. balcony1 is in north with 4 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. In practice, washroom1 has Red Mosaic wall as well as floor is Green Jade. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. livingroom1 has 31 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Red, and has Green Jade wall. Additionally, floor of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Orange as well as wall is Wood_color Quartz. bedroom1 is in east with 13 square meters. bedroom2 has 8 squares in southeast. bedroom2 has Yellow Log floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Gray. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 floor is Green Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Pink. washroom1 is in north with 3 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Granite and Blue while has Gray Pure_Color_Wood wall. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. Additionally, kitchen1 has 3 squares in north. kitchen1 has Green Mosaic floor, and has Purple Stone_Brick wall. kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Log and Gray, and floor is Blue Cement_Board. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 has 12 squares in northwest. bedroom2 has Blue Cement_Board wall as well as floor is Green Painted_Wood. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange while uses Purple Mosaic for floor. balcony1 is in southwest with 3 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Wallpaper and Green as well as floor is Gray Wood_Veneer. Additionally, livingroom1 is in north with 29 square meters. livingroom1 has Blue Rock_Plate floor, and wall is Log and Black. kitchen1 uses Blue Pure_Color_Wood for floor while has Orange Coating wall. kitchen1 has 9 squares in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, floor of washroom1 is Marble and Purple as well as has Earth_color Cement_Board wall. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in south. Moreover, washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in south. wall of washroom2 is Mosaic and Red while has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in west. wall of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Pink as well as has Gray Wall_Cloth floor. study1 has 6 squares in southeast. wall of study1 is Bamboo_Vine and Blue, and floor is Marble and Earth_color. bedroom1 has Black Wall_Cloth wall while has Green Bamboo_Vine floor. bedroom1 has 12 squares in east. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 wall is Blue Marble as well as uses Red Coating for floor. kitchen1 floor is Pink Wood_Grain while wall is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in south. In addition, balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 floor is Yellow Wall_Cloth as well as has Black Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, study1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, study1, balcony1. washroom1, washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. House has two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 floor is Yellow Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Red Mosaic. washroom1 is in north with 8 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Coating and White while floor is Black Quartz. bedroom1 uses Purple Wood_Grain for floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Red. bedroom1 has 14 squares in northwest. In addition, bedroom2 is in southwest with 13 square meters. bedroom2 has Orange Mosaic wall while floor is Orange Cement_Board. livingroom1 is in east with 51 square meters. livingroom1 has Pink Marble wall as well as uses White Ceramics for floor. kitchen1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. kitchen1 wall is White Ceramic_Tile while floor is Gray Granite. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 16 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has Yellow Granite wall, and floor is Green Stone_Brick. bedroom2 is in east with 12 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color while wall is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color. In addition, bedroom3 has 9 squares in center. bedroom3 uses Yellow Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Pink Cement_Board. Besides, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Yellow Jade wall while has Gray Ceramic_Tile floor. Moreover, washroom2 floor is White Mosaic, and wall is Rock_Plate and Yellow. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in center. balcony1 uses Blue Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is Green Ceramic_Tile. balcony1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 uses Earth_color Marble for floor, and wall is Ceramics and White. livingroom1 has 43 squares in south. Moreover, kitchen1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Green while has White Painted_Wood floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain as well as floor is Blue Jade. washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine while wall is Pink Ceramics. Additionally, bedroom2 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom2 has White Log wall, and has Orange Coating floor. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Green while has Earth_color Wallpaper wall. In addition, kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red as well as has Purple Painted_Wood wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has Orange Stone_Brick floor as well as has Purple Quartz wall. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in east. Moreover, wall of washroom2 is Painted_Wood and Green while uses Red Wood_Grain for floor. washroom2 has 6 squares in east. Additionally, livingroom1 has Wood_color Marble wall, and floor is Yellow Granite. livingroom1 has 55 squares in center. floor of study1 is Ceramics and Wood_color while wall is Wallpaper and Yellow. study1 covers 20 square meters located in west. Besides, wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Gray, and floor is Red Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1 covers 22 square meters located in southeast. Moreover, bedroom2 has Red Quartz wall while has Gray Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom2 has 15 squares in north. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 floor is Purple Coating, and wall is White Wood_Grain. balcony1 has 17 squares in southwest. balcony1 has Purple Ceramics floor as well as wall is Marble and Wood_color. bedroom1, study1, balcony1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom2. balcony1 and study1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Purple Jade as well as has Gray Cement_Board floor. washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 has Purple Log wall while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Black. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile as well as has Yellow Quartz floor. livingroom1 uses Orange Ceramics for floor, and wall is Mosaic and Blue. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 wall is Blue Cement_Board while floor is Quartz and Gray. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 wall is Green Wallpaper as well as uses Purple Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom1 is in east with 15 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is Purple Wood_Grain while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. bedroom2 covers 15 square meters located in south. In addition, washroom1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Green, and has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall. Moreover, balcony1 has 5 squares in southeast. balcony1 has Earth_color Rock_Plate wall as well as floor is Pink Wallpaper. Additionally, balcony2 has 3 squares in west. balcony2 wall is Pink Jade, and uses Wood_color Painted_Wood for floor. Besides, wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Gray as well as uses Pink Ceramic_Tile for floor. livingroom1 has 30 squares in north. In addition, kitchen1 floor is Orange Pure_Color_Wood while has Black Ceramic_Tile wall. kitchen1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one corridor, three bedrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in south. washroom1 wall is Gray Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Pink. livingroom1 has Pink Wood_Grain floor while wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 has 27 squares in east. Moreover, study1 wall is White Mosaic as well as uses Wood_color Wall_Cloth for floor. study1 is in northeast with 8 square meters. Additionally, corridor1 wall is Blue Wall_Cloth while floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. corridor1 covers 8 square meters located in south. Besides, bedroom1 has Red Rock_Plate wall as well as uses Earth_color Quartz for floor. bedroom1 covers 22 square meters located in north. Additionally, bedroom2 has 12 squares in west. floor of bedroom2 is Quartz and Red while wall is Ceramic_Tile and White. bedroom3 has 9 squares in south. bedroom3 floor is Blue Wallpaper as well as wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile. Besides, kitchen1 has Earth_color Marble floor, and wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, corridor1, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, study1. bedroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. corridor1 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has 8 squares in east. washroom1 uses Earth_color Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as wall is Yellow Jade. bedroom1 uses Wood_color Marble for floor while wall is Coating and Gray. bedroom1 is in west with 20 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 18 square meters located in east. bedroom2 floor is Purple Wall_Cloth, and has White Granite wall. livingroom1 wall is Red Quartz as well as floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick. livingroom1 is in center with 24 square meters. livingroom2 uses Blue Cement_Board for floor while has Blue Mosaic wall. livingroom2 is in center with 16 square meters. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink as well as has White Painted_Wood wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to livingroom2. livingroom2, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. livingroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, and one closet. To be specific, washroom1 has Yellow Marble wall as well as has Black Cement_Board floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. In addition, washroom2 is in southeast with 2 square meters. washroom2 uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor, and has Purple Coating wall. Moreover, livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood while wall is Jade and Yellow. livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. wall of closet1 is Painted_Wood and Yellow as well as has Green Wallpaper floor. closet1 covers 4 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, closet1, washroom2. washroom1 is next to closet1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, and one bedroom. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Coating and Gray, and has Blue Stone_Brick wall. washroom1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 has Yellow Wall_Cloth wall while uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 19 square meters. In addition, closet1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. closet1 uses Earth_color Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Pink Bamboo_Vine. Besides, bedroom1 has 11 squares in west. wall of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Black while floor is Marble and Yellow. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, closet1, washroom1. closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. More specifically, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Yellow Wallpaper wall, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Purple. In addition, livingroom1 uses Orange Ceramic_Tile for floor while has Pink Rock_Plate wall. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 wall is Black Wallpaper, and uses White Wood_Grain for floor. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 floor is Green Marble as well as wall is Purple Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 has Yellow Ceramics wall, and floor is Orange Mosaic. bedroom2 has Wood_color Log wall as well as floor is Green Ceramics. bedroom2 has 13 squares in west. In addition, wall of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Black, and floor is Purple Rock_Plate. washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. Besides, balcony1 has Blue Marble floor as well as has White Bamboo_Vine wall. balcony1 has 4 squares in northwest. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Black Ceramic_Tile, and has Orange Wood_Veneer floor. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. wall of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Red as well as has Gray Rock_Plate floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one storage, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Jade and Blue as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Green. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in north. In addition, storage1 uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor while has Blue Quartz wall. storage1 covers 4 square meters located in south. livingroom1 uses Yellow Quartz for floor, and has Red Mosaic wall. livingroom1 is in center with 48 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has Black Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Marble and Red. kitchen1, storage1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, one storage, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has 5 squares in center. washroom1 wall is White Mosaic, and floor is Blue Cement_Board. Moreover, floor of storage1 is Jade and Wood_color as well as wall is Red Wood_Veneer. storage1 covers 2 square meters located in center. bedroom1 has Black Wood_Grain floor, and has White Mosaic wall. bedroom1 is in west with 62 square meters. bedroom2 is in north with 12 square meters. bedroom2 has Yellow Stone_Brick wall while floor is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 is in south with 62 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Earth_color, and wall is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. kitchen1 has Wood_color Wood_Veneer wall while has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor. kitchen1 is in east with 12 square meters. bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, washroom1, storage1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1, bedroom2, washroom1, storage1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, storage1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. washroom1 is adjacent to storage1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 21 square meters located in west. bedroom1 has White Quartz wall as well as floor is Log and Earth_color. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood. In addition, bedroom3 covers 13 square meters located in center. bedroom3 floor is Wood_color Painted_Wood as well as has Gray Bamboo_Vine wall. Besides, wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Black while has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in south. In addition, washroom2 is in south with 3 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Stone_Brick and Gray as well as has Orange Painted_Wood wall. Moreover, balcony1 has 7 squares in northeast. balcony1 has Blue Marble floor while wall is Black Wood_Veneer. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Earth_color as well as uses Purple Marble for floor. livingroom1 has 35 squares in east. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southeast. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Green while has Pink Cement_Board floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, one closet, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. washroom1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor as well as has Red Wood_Veneer wall. washroom2 has 3 squares in northeast. floor of washroom2 is Cement_Board and White while has Orange Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1 has 15 squares in center. bedroom1 uses Orange Granite for floor as well as wall is Log and Gray. In addition, bedroom2 covers 15 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has Orange Wallpaper wall, and floor is White Mosaic. Moreover, livingroom1 has Orange Jade floor as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. livingroom1 is in east with 46 square meters. Additionally, closet1 has 11 squares in northwest. wall of closet1 is Bamboo_Vine and Green while floor is Log and Yellow. balcony1 has 4 squares in south. balcony1 has Black Granite wall as well as floor is Black Bamboo_Vine. Besides, balcony2 has 3 squares in east. balcony2 wall is Purple Coating while floor is White Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1, bedroom2, closet1, balcony1, washroom2, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. closet1 is next to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 12 squares in northeast. floor of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Orange as well as has Red Stone_Brick wall. bedroom2 has 9 squares in west. floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Black, and wall is Purple Jade. washroom1 wall is Purple Wallpaper as well as uses Gray Quartz for floor. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in east. wall of washroom2 is Ceramics and Orange while uses Earth_color Stone_Brick for floor. balcony1 has 3 squares in southeast. floor of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Red as well as has Yellow Granite wall. Moreover, balcony2 is in north with 3 square meters. balcony2 uses Yellow Granite for floor, and wall is White Ceramic_Tile. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 16 square meters. livingroom1 uses Red Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and White. Moreover, kitchen1 wall is Green Painted_Wood, and floor is Granite and Green. kitchen1 has 5 squares in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony2, washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom2. balcony1, washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, one corridor, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, floor of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Orange, and wall is Wood_color Mosaic. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. In addition, washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. wall of washroom2 is Ceramics and Black as well as floor is Purple Bamboo_Vine. wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Green, and has Gray Wall_Cloth floor. livingroom1 has 43 squares in center. Moreover, study1 has Yellow Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Marble and Purple. study1 is in southwest with 8 square meters. Besides, corridor1 covers 13 square meters located in south. wall of corridor1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange while floor is Granite and Purple. Additionally, bedroom1 uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor as well as has Blue Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 is in northeast with 12 square meters. bedroom2 uses Earth_color Ceramics for floor while has Green Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom3 floor is Orange Stone_Brick as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Wood_color. bedroom3 has 9 squares in east. In addition, kitchen1 has 6 squares in center. kitchen1 has Blue Granite wall, and uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor. balcony1 covers 9 square meters located in north. wall of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Blue while uses Yellow Pure_Color_Wood for floor. bedroom1, corridor1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom2. bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and corridor1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. study1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, floor of washroom1 is Coating and Purple as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray. washroom1 has 6 squares in southeast. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in west. floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and Gray, and wall is Marble and Purple. study1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. wall of study1 is Ceramics and Pink while floor is Mosaic and Red. bedroom1 is in northeast with 15 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Gray Stone_Brick, and wall is White Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 is in north with 11 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Green while floor is Wood_color Cement_Board. kitchen1 has Earth_color Marble wall as well as has Pink Wall_Cloth floor. kitchen1 is in south with 5 square meters. balcony1 is in northwest with 4 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Green, and has Purple Granite wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. washroom1, kitchen1 and study1 are connected. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. washroom1 uses Blue Coating for floor as well as has Earth_color Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Blue, and has Purple Cement_Board floor. In addition, bedroom2 floor is Gray Rock_Plate while has White Coating wall. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. Moreover, livingroom1 has 18 squares in center. livingroom1 has Yellow Stone_Brick floor, and has White Bamboo_Vine wall. Besides, kitchen1 has Gray Bamboo_Vine wall as well as uses Blue Ceramics for floor. kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one corridor, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 has Green Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Quartz and Purple. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 has Blue Stone_Brick wall, and floor is Stone_Brick and Pink. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in north. livingroom1 uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Earth_color Wallpaper. livingroom1 is in center with 37 square meters. corridor1 has 3 squares in south. wall of corridor1 is Rock_Plate and Pink while uses Yellow Mosaic for floor. Additionally, wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Gray, and floor is Black Quartz. bedroom1 is in northwest with 20 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Wallpaper and White while wall is Orange Wall_Cloth. bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in northeast. In addition, bedroom3 is in west with 14 square meters. bedroom3 uses White Granite for floor as well as wall is Earth_color Wood_Grain. kitchen1 wall is Purple Log, and has Orange Mosaic floor. kitchen1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in east. balcony1 uses Pink Jade for floor while wall is Log and Wood_color. In addition, balcony2 has 6 squares in southwest. floor of balcony2 is Mosaic and Blue, and wall is Quartz and Yellow. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony2, kitchen1, washroom1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. balcony1 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, wall of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Wood_color as well as floor is Red Pure_Color_Wood. washroom1 is in southeast with 4 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 has 4 squares in center. washroom2 wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood while uses Pink Jade for floor. livingroom1 floor is Pink Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Wallpaper and Black. livingroom1 is in west with 24 square meters. Besides, study1 is in center with 9 square meters. study1 wall is Gray Quartz as well as uses Earth_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. bedroom1 has 13 squares in east. floor of bedroom1 is Quartz and Yellow, and wall is Cement_Board and Yellow. floor of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and White as well as has White Marble wall. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in west. balcony1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. balcony1 has Pink Mosaic wall, and floor is Log and Red. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. study1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom2. kitchen1 and balcony1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, and one bedroom. Specifically, washroom1 is in southwest with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Red Quartz wall as well as uses Red Wallpaper for floor. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Log and White while has Black Marble floor. livingroom1 is in center with 23 square meters. closet1 has 4 squares in southwest. wall of closet1 is Marble and White, and floor is Stone_Brick and Purple. bedroom1 has Pink Wallpaper wall as well as has Gray Cement_Board floor. bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in west. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, closet1. washroom1 is next to closet1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 uses Black Coating for floor as well as wall is Gray Quartz. In addition, bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom1 has Earth_color Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Pink Coating. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has White Quartz floor while wall is Red Granite. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Purple, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Pink. Additionally, kitchen1 has Yellow Rock_Plate floor as well as has White Granite wall. kitchen1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Pink as well as floor is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor while has White Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom2 has 8 squares in northeast. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. floor of washroom1 is Jade and Black, and wall is Granite and Earth_color. Additionally, balcony1 floor is Green Wood_Veneer while wall is Jade and White. balcony1 is in west with 6 square meters. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Yellow Quartz. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Blue as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two livingrooms, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Black as well as has Green Quartz floor. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in west. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Log and Orange, and floor is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 is in center with 27 square meters. wall of livingroom2 is Wallpaper and Wood_color while uses Gray Quartz for floor. livingroom2 covers 2 square meters located in center. In addition, corridor1 has 3 squares in northeast. floor of corridor1 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color as well as wall is Black Wood_Veneer. Besides, bedroom1 has Gray Wood_Grain floor while wall is Yellow Wood_Grain. bedroom1 has 12 squares in southwest. bedroom2 is in west with 10 square meters. bedroom2 uses Pink Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Wood_color. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. kitchen1 uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Red. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. wall of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Orange as well as has Wood_color Stone_Brick floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, corridor1, livingroom2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1, livingroom2. kitchen1, washroom1, livingroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to corridor1. washroom1 is adjacent to livingroom2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 floor is Blue Granite, and wall is Ceramics and Pink. bedroom1 is in south with 12 square meters. bedroom2 has Blue Stone_Brick wall while floor is Pink Cement_Board. bedroom2 has 9 squares in center. In addition, bedroom3 has Green Rock_Plate floor as well as has Orange Mosaic wall. bedroom3 is in north with 8 square meters. Additionally, washroom1 wall is Yellow Painted_Wood, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. In addition, balcony1 has 7 squares in south. floor of balcony1 is Jade and Purple while has Orange Wall_Cloth wall. balcony2 has 2 squares in northwest. balcony2 floor is Green Quartz, and wall is Painted_Wood and Orange. Additionally, livingroom1 has White Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Red Ceramics. livingroom1 is in center with 37 square meters. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in north. kitchen1 floor is Earth_color Marble, and has Purple Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink, and wall is Marble and Black. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Earth_color as well as floor is Black Mosaic. Additionally, study1 wall is Earth_color Coating while uses Wood_color Log for floor. study1 is in east with 16 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 floor is Blue Wood_Grain, and has Red Coating wall. bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in east. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in west. kitchen1 uses Yellow Jade for floor as well as wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile. floor of balcony1 is Granite and Gray, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Red. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to study1, bedroom1, washroom1, kitchen1. study1 is next to bedroom1, washroom1. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 wall is White Mosaic, and floor is Orange Wall_Cloth. bedroom1 is in east with 24 square meters. In addition, floor of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Green as well as has Gray Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. Besides, floor of bedroom3 is Rock_Plate and Gray, and wall is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom3 has 12 squares in north. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. washroom1 floor is Blue Mosaic while has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall. balcony1 floor is Green Stone_Brick as well as wall is Coating and Yellow. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is in center with 34 square meters. livingroom1 has Blue Wood_Veneer wall, and uses Earth_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. kitchen1 is in northwest with 13 square meters. kitchen1 has Red Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Wood_color Mosaic. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 floor is Purple Log as well as wall is Blue Ceramics. Additionally, bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick, and has Blue Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom2 has 16 squares in southwest. Moreover, wall of bedroom3 is Log and Purple as well as floor is White Wallpaper. bedroom3 has 11 squares in northeast. In addition, floor of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow, and wall is Coating and Yellow. washroom1 has 6 squares in north. Besides, washroom2 is in east with 6 square meters. washroom2 has Black Ceramic_Tile wall as well as floor is Ceramics and Pink. Moreover, balcony1 is in west with 6 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Purple while floor is Green Pure_Color_Wood. Besides, livingroom1 covers 43 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Green Stone_Brick wall, and uses Green Painted_Wood for floor. Moreover, kitchen1 uses Earth_color Granite for floor as well as has Yellow Quartz wall. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, washroom2. washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. House has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Orange Mosaic wall as well as floor is Orange Granite. study1 uses Pink Wallpaper for floor while has Earth_color Log wall. study1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. In addition, wall of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Red, and uses Purple Quartz for floor. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 is in northeast with 9 square meters. bedroom2 uses Purple Granite for floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Purple. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Blue Quartz while has Black Stone_Brick floor. livingroom1 covers 36 square meters located in center. kitchen1 wall is Yellow Quartz, and has White Wood_Grain floor. kitchen1 has 5 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to kitchen1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 floor is Pink Rock_Plate, and wall is Orange Log. bedroom2 has Pink Painted_Wood floor while wall is Wallpaper and White. bedroom2 has 11 squares in south. In addition, bedroom3 has 7 squares in west. floor of bedroom3 is Coating and White as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. Moreover, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in center. washroom1 has White Log wall, and uses Blue Ceramics for floor. Additionally, balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. floor of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color while wall is Rock_Plate and Yellow. In addition, balcony2 has Red Log wall as well as has Gray Jade floor. balcony2 is in northeast with 2 square meters. livingroom1 is in east with 30 square meters. livingroom1 has Red Granite wall while floor is Wall_Cloth and White. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 has Earth_color Wallpaper floor, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom2, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has Green Granite wall, and has Gray Granite floor. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom1 floor is Gray Wallpaper as well as wall is Wallpaper and Red. bedroom2 wall is Purple Wood_Veneer, and floor is Orange Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 is in west with 5 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Black Granite. livingroom1 has 18 squares in center. kitchen1 floor is Black Wallpaper, and wall is Earth_color Wood_Grain. kitchen1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, two livingrooms, and two bedrooms. In practice, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom1 has Green Coating wall, and floor is Blue Wood_Grain. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Blue while has Green Mosaic floor. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in center. livingroom2 covers 10 square meters located in south. wall of livingroom2 is Cement_Board and Black, and uses Yellow Marble for floor. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in north. bedroom1 has Red Cement_Board wall while floor is Wall_Cloth and White. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Purple Wall_Cloth, and floor is Black Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2, washroom1. livingroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 wall is Orange Ceramics, and floor is Gray Mosaic. washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in east. livingroom1 uses Earth_color Log for floor as well as has Wood_color Marble wall. In addition, closet1 has 4 squares in west. closet1 wall is Orange Cement_Board, and floor is Gray Cement_Board. Besides, study1 has 8 squares in south. wall of study1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange as well as uses Orange Bamboo_Vine for floor. In addition, bedroom1 floor is White Stone_Brick while wall is Wood_Grain and White. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Green Mosaic for floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and White. bedroom2 has 10 squares in north. In addition, kitchen1 has 8 squares in southeast. kitchen1 has Wood_color Coating floor, and wall is Painted_Wood and White. balcony1 covers 10 square meters located in north. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Wallpaper as well as floor is Granite and Black. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, study1, closet1. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. washroom1, closet1 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in southwest with 14 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Blue Mosaic, and uses Green Marble for floor. bedroom2 wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine as well as uses White Ceramics for floor. bedroom2 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in west. bedroom3 has Earth_color Coating wall while floor is Painted_Wood and Blue. Additionally, washroom1 has Red Wallpaper wall, and floor is Black Granite. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. In addition, balcony1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. balcony1 floor is Wood_color Wood_Grain as well as has Yellow Ceramics wall. balcony2 wall is Gray Wallpaper while floor is Ceramics and Black. balcony2 has 0 squares in southeast. Besides, floor of livingroom1 is Coating and Wood_color, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Green. livingroom1 is in east with 36 square meters. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Green while wall is Painted_Wood and Red. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, floor of washroom1 is Ceramics and Yellow, and wall is Gray Stone_Brick. washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Blue Ceramic_Tile as well as floor is Cement_Board and Orange. bedroom1 is in east with 18 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 has 13 squares in west. bedroom2 has White Coating floor, and wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. Moreover, livingroom1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and White. livingroom1 has 47 squares in center. In addition, wall of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Black, and has Green Wall_Cloth floor. balcony1 is in east with 7 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Black Cement_Board wall as well as uses Orange Marble for floor. Moreover, washroom2 floor is Blue Stone_Brick, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. washroom2 is in southeast with 2 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Orange as well as has Black Jade wall. In addition, closet1 covers 4 square meters located in southwest. closet1 wall is Earth_color Ceramics, and has Wood_color Marble floor. Moreover, bedroom1 floor is Red Coating as well as wall is Gray Wallpaper. bedroom1 has 13 squares in west. bedroom1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, closet1. closet1 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains three washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Purple, and has White Wallpaper wall. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in center. Additionally, washroom2 wall is Yellow Stone_Brick as well as floor is Coating and Red. washroom2 has 3 squares in west. washroom3 has 2 squares in west. washroom3 has Orange Jade floor, and wall is Orange Wall_Cloth. In addition, livingroom1 has White Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as uses Purple Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in south. floor of study1 is Coating and Wood_color, and has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine wall. study1 has 17 squares in center. Moreover, bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Marble while has White Granite floor. bedroom1 is in east with 18 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 has 10 squares in west. bedroom2 uses Earth_color Log for floor, and wall is Wallpaper and Blue. Additionally, kitchen1 has Blue Ceramics wall as well as floor is Red Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. Moreover, balcony1 has 7 squares in southeast. balcony1 has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Black Coating. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to study1, balcony1, washroom1. study1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom2, washroom3. washroom2, washroom3 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom2 is next to washroom3. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in north with 20 square meters. bedroom1 has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine floor as well as has Purple Jade wall. bedroom2 floor is Pink Granite while wall is Red Marble. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in east. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. wall of washroom1 is Mosaic and White, and floor is Log and Purple. In addition, balcony1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. balcony1 uses Blue Log for floor while has Earth_color Ceramics wall. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is White Quartz as well as uses Gray Quartz for floor. livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in south. In addition, kitchen1 has 7 squares in west. kitchen1 floor is Earth_color Ceramics while wall is Red Painted_Wood. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple, and has Green Wood_Grain wall. Additionally, study1 floor is Pink Granite while has Yellow Wall_Cloth wall. study1 covers 17 square meters located in east. Besides, bedroom1 has Gray Coating floor, and wall is Ceramics and Gray. bedroom1 is in west with 17 square meters. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Earth_color while has Pink Quartz floor. bedroom2 has 16 squares in southwest. livingroom1 covers 42 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Blue, and has Orange Ceramics wall. kitchen1 is in east with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Yellow Wall_Cloth wall as well as uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to study1, bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 floor is Purple Stone_Brick as well as wall is Gray Wood_Grain. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. Moreover, study1 covers 5 square meters located in north. study1 has Pink Wood_Grain wall while floor is Log and Purple. Besides, floor of bedroom1 is Log and Yellow as well as wall is Yellow Log. bedroom1 is in northeast with 14 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. floor of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and White while wall is Black Jade. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 38 square meters. livingroom1 uses Green Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Granite and Red. Additionally, balcony1 has 5 squares in east. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Quartz while floor is Blue Wood_Veneer. Besides, balcony2 wall is Green Painted_Wood, and floor is Quartz and Yellow. balcony2 is in southwest with 3 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, study1, washroom1, balcony2. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, study1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Veneer wall, and has Gray Wood_Veneer floor. Additionally, bedroom2 has 12 squares in south. bedroom2 has Purple Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Gray. Besides, washroom1 has 4 squares in center. wall of washroom1 is Quartz and Gray, and has Green Stone_Brick floor. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. wall of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Pink as well as uses Yellow Marble for floor. floor of balcony2 is Wall_Cloth and Green while wall is Orange Stone_Brick. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in west. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 26 square meters located in north. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Gray, and floor is Purple Stone_Brick. kitchen1 has 7 squares in west. kitchen1 has Wood_color Wallpaper floor while has Blue Wood_Grain wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 is next to balcony2. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 21 squares in southwest. bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood as well as has Red Jade floor. bedroom2 is in north with 15 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Black, and has Orange Wall_Cloth wall. Moreover, washroom1 uses Yellow Wallpaper for floor as well as has Earth_color Mosaic wall. washroom1 covers 8 square meters located in west. balcony1 floor is White Coating, and wall is Blue Pure_Color_Wood. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 floor is Green Wall_Cloth while has Blue Pure_Color_Wood wall. livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. Moreover, livingroom2 has Green Bamboo_Vine floor as well as has Yellow Cement_Board wall. livingroom2 has 15 squares in north. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 wall is Pink Wood_Grain while uses Pink Ceramics for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to livingroom2, washroom1. livingroom2 is next to kitchen1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 has 6 squares in north. floor of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Wood_color as well as wall is Green Painted_Wood. wall of washroom2 is Granite and Pink, and floor is Orange Marble. washroom2 is in north with 5 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Yellow Quartz as well as uses Yellow Marble for floor. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in center. study1 has 11 squares in northeast. floor of study1 is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color while wall is Ceramics and Pink. wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange, and uses Red Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. bedroom2 has 11 squares in west. In addition, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 has Blue Granite wall as well as has Yellow Wood_Grain floor. balcony1 has Blue Wood_Veneer floor, and has Blue Jade wall. balcony1 is in east with 5 square meters. Additionally, balcony2 has 3 squares in west. balcony2 has Pink Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Coating and Yellow. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom2, balcony2. study1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony1. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains two washrooms, two livingrooms, one corridor, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has Blue Quartz floor, and wall is Log and Green. washroom1 has 6 squares in east. Additionally, washroom2 floor is Orange Rock_Plate while wall is Wood_Veneer and Blue. washroom2 is in east with 5 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 has 19 squares in south. livingroom1 has Earth_color Log wall as well as floor is Granite and Red. Moreover, livingroom2 uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor while wall is Pink Wall_Cloth. livingroom2 covers 13 square meters located in north. In addition, corridor1 uses Green Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Wallpaper and Yellow. corridor1 covers 7 square meters located in center. Besides, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in southeast. wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red while floor is Red Ceramic_Tile. In addition, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 wall is Red Bamboo_Vine as well as uses Pink Jade for floor. bedroom3 uses Blue Cement_Board for floor, and has White Stone_Brick wall. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray as well as uses Red Wood_Grain for floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in northwest. In addition, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. floor of balcony1 is Wallpaper and Purple, and wall is Wallpaper and Red. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, corridor1, balcony1. corridor1, washroom1, balcony1, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. livingroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, corridor1, kitchen1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and corridor1 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color, and has Red Marble wall. In addition, bedroom1 has Orange Bamboo_Vine wall while floor is Green Quartz. bedroom1 is in northwest with 13 square meters. bedroom2 has Gray Granite wall as well as has Red Wallpaper floor. bedroom2 has 13 squares in northeast. livingroom1 has 30 squares in south. livingroom1 has Orange Painted_Wood wall while uses Blue Granite for floor. Moreover, balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. floor of balcony1 is Rock_Plate and Orange, and has Purple Granite wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. balcony1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 is in northwest with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Yellow Cement_Board, and floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood. Additionally, washroom2 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom2 has Green Wood_Grain wall while floor is Green Jade. livingroom1 has 40 squares in south. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Orange, and uses Pink Jade for floor. wall of study1 is Cement_Board and Gray while floor is Purple Rock_Plate. study1 has 13 squares in northwest. storage1 floor is Yellow Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Stone_Brick and Earth_color. storage1 is in north with 3 square meters. Besides, bedroom1 has 15 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has Red Granite wall while has Green Ceramics floor. bedroom2 wall is Pink Granite as well as floor is Green Wall_Cloth. bedroom2 is in east with 14 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 has 7 squares in southwest. floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Gray, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Purple. Moreover, wall of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Gray while uses White Pure_Color_Wood for floor. balcony1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. Additionally, wall of balcony2 is Painted_Wood and Yellow as well as uses Yellow Wood_Veneer for floor. balcony2 covers 5 square meters located in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2, storage1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, storage1. balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to balcony2. storage1 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Log and White, and wall is Ceramics and Gray. In addition, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom2 has Red Bamboo_Vine wall while floor is Cement_Board and Green. Besides, bedroom3 uses Yellow Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 uses Orange Marble for floor as well as wall is White Wallpaper. In addition, balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood while floor is Wallpaper and Red. livingroom1 has Purple Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. kitchen1 wall is Red Granite while uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Blue as well as has Pink Coating floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in south. livingroom1 has Gray Quartz floor while has Pink Wall_Cloth wall. livingroom1 covers 33 square meters located in west. study1 has Yellow Ceramic_Tile wall, and has Purple Cement_Board floor. study1 has 7 squares in east. bedroom1 has Red Wall_Cloth wall while has White Wood_Grain floor. bedroom1 covers 10 square meters located in east. Additionally, bedroom2 has White Mosaic wall as well as floor is Green Log. bedroom2 is in southeast with 8 square meters. kitchen1 has 5 squares in west. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Green, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. balcony1 has 6 squares in north. balcony1 uses Red Jade for floor as well as wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in northwest. balcony2 has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor while has Orange Cement_Board wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. study1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to study1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 wall is Yellow Marble as well as has Blue Wall_Cloth floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is in center with 26 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Blue, and wall is Mosaic and Purple. bedroom1 wall is Gray Marble while uses White Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom1 is in north with 11 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Green as well as has Wood_color Wood_Veneer floor. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 floor is Red Wood_Veneer, and has Gray Quartz wall. bedroom1 is in west with 13 square meters. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 has Red Wood_Grain floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Red. Besides, livingroom1 has 14 squares in south. livingroom1 has Gray Wall_Cloth wall, and has Yellow Stone_Brick floor. Additionally, wall of livingroom2 is Wood_Grain and White while has Orange Stone_Brick floor. livingroom2 covers 12 square meters located in center. In addition, kitchen1 has 8 squares in northeast. kitchen1 has Blue Wallpaper wall as well as has Pink Cement_Board floor. bedroom1, livingroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to livingroom2, bedroom2. livingroom2 is adjacent to bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in southeast with 13 square meters. bedroom1 uses Orange Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Quartz and Black. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 uses Orange Log for floor while wall is Jade and Earth_color. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Granite, and floor is Pink Cement_Board. livingroom1 has 26 squares in center. Moreover, kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. kitchen1 has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Jade and Purple. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, one closet, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has Purple Cement_Board floor as well as wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate. washroom1 covers 2 square meters located in southeast. Moreover, bedroom1 wall is Blue Ceramics while has Black Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. In addition, livingroom1 covers 14 square meters located in north. livingroom1 has White Wood_Grain wall as well as has Green Wall_Cloth floor. Moreover, floor of closet1 is Ceramics and Orange, and wall is Green Jade. closet1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. kitchen1 has 7 squares in south. kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Quartz and Blue. bedroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, closet1. closet1, washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Red, and floor is Green Jade. bedroom1 has 12 squares in east. In addition, bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom2 is Log and Earth_color as well as has White Log wall. washroom1 uses Yellow Wallpaper for floor while has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom1 is in center with 5 square meters. Additionally, wall of washroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Blue as well as has Green Wallpaper floor. washroom2 is in center with 4 square meters. In addition, balcony1 is in east with 4 square meters. balcony1 wall is Pink Jade, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Gray. livingroom1 is in center with 34 square meters. livingroom1 uses Earth_color Rock_Plate for floor while wall is Granite and Earth_color. Moreover, kitchen1 has Pink Wood_Veneer wall, and floor is Yellow Quartz. kitchen1 has 8 squares in west. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, washroom2, balcony1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. House has two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. washroom1 floor is Purple Wall_Cloth, and wall is Coating and Purple. Moreover, washroom2 has 4 squares in east. washroom2 uses Black Wood_Veneer for floor while wall is Wallpaper and Pink. In addition, bedroom1 has 15 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has Pink Marble floor as well as wall is Purple Ceramics. bedroom2 has 10 squares in north. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate, and floor is Pink Wood_Grain. Besides, bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in southeast. bedroom3 wall is Yellow Coating while has Purple Cement_Board floor. livingroom1 is in west with 35 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color, and has Wood_color Wallpaper floor. Moreover, kitchen1 has 7 squares in south. wall of kitchen1 is Marble and Blue while has Wood_color Wall_Cloth floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2. kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 12 squares in south. bedroom1 has Gray Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Orange. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 wall is White Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Wood_color Ceramics. In addition, bedroom3 has 9 squares in center. floor of bedroom3 is Painted_Wood and Black as well as has Orange Marble wall. floor of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Gray, and wall is Yellow Stone_Brick. washroom1 is in west with 3 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color as well as has Gray Jade wall. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. Additionally, balcony2 uses Black Log for floor while wall is Wood_color Mosaic. balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. livingroom1 uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor as well as has Yellow Marble wall. Moreover, kitchen1 has Black Mosaic floor while wall is Gray Jade. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2. kitchen1 is next to balcony2. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Quartz and Pink, and uses Orange Wallpaper for floor. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 has Gray Wallpaper wall while floor is Log and Earth_color. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in west. In addition, washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. washroom1 uses Green Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Purple. Besides, balcony1 has Yellow Pure_Color_Wood wall while floor is Black Mosaic. balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. livingroom1 floor is Black Stone_Brick, and wall is White Painted_Wood. livingroom1 has 34 squares in south. Additionally, wall of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Gray as well as floor is Blue Stone_Brick. kitchen1 has 34 squares in center. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and balcony1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. In practice, washroom1 uses Purple Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Gray Wall_Cloth. washroom1 has 5 squares in southwest. livingroom1 wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile while uses Pink Rock_Plate for floor. livingroom1 has 33 squares in west. bedroom1 has White Mosaic wall as well as uses Black Mosaic for floor. bedroom1 covers 20 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, bedroom2 is in southeast with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and Pink, and floor is Mosaic and White. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. More specifically, floor of washroom1 is Granite and Wood_color as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Orange. washroom1 covers 7 square meters located in east. livingroom1 covers 57 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Blue Wood_Grain floor while has Blue Cement_Board wall. bedroom1 has Green Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Gray Cement_Board. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in south. bedroom2 is in north with 14 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color as well as wall is Yellow Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Black, and has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom1 is in northwest with 12 square meters. bedroom2 is in southeast with 10 square meters. bedroom2 has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall while floor is Purple Mosaic. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in west. bedroom3 has Red Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Coating and Pink. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. wall of washroom1 is Wallpaper and Green, and has Red Rock_Plate floor. balcony1 covers 2 square meters located in north. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Grain and Blue as well as floor is Stone_Brick and Red. livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Gray Pure_Color_Wood, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. Moreover, kitchen1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Gray. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains four bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in southwest with 18 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple, and wall is Cement_Board and Purple. wall of bedroom2 is Granite and Pink as well as has Earth_color Wallpaper floor. bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in southeast. bedroom3 has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall, and has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. bedroom4 uses Gray Coating for floor while wall is Black Painted_Wood. bedroom4 covers 8 square meters located in north. washroom1 uses Black Quartz for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and White. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom2 has 5 squares in west. washroom2 uses Yellow Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Wallpaper and Purple. balcony1 has 8 squares in south. wall of balcony1 is Rock_Plate and Earth_color as well as floor is Rock_Plate and White. Moreover, livingroom1 uses Black Coating for floor while wall is Earth_color Cement_Board. livingroom1 is in center with 42 square meters. kitchen1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Jade and Blue, and has Black Ceramics wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, bedroom4, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to bedroom4, washroom1. bedroom4 is next to kitchen1. The building contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, one closet, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in south. floor of washroom1 is Ceramics and Gray as well as has Yellow Coating wall. In addition, wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color while has Green Stone_Brick floor. bedroom1 is in northeast with 14 square meters. bedroom2 is in north with 11 square meters. bedroom2 wall is White Jade as well as uses Blue Wood_Grain for floor. Besides, bedroom3 has 7 squares in southeast. bedroom3 has Yellow Mosaic wall, and uses Yellow Wood_Grain for floor. livingroom1 has Purple Wood_Grain wall while floor is Red Wood_Grain. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in west. floor of closet1 is Jade and Blue as well as wall is Coating and Pink. closet1 is in east with 4 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 has 9 squares in south. kitchen1 has Wood_color Coating floor, and has Yellow Painted_Wood wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, closet1. bedroom3, washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, closet1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 uses White Mosaic for floor as well as has Green Coating wall. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom2 uses Blue Ceramics for floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Pink. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. Moreover, bedroom3 floor is Green Wood_Veneer, and wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain. bedroom3 is in west with 6 square meters. Besides, washroom1 uses Gray Rock_Plate for floor while wall is Yellow Granite. washroom1 is in west with 3 square meters. In addition, balcony1 has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine wall as well as has Pink Coating floor. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. Moreover, floor of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray, and wall is Purple Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 wall is Green Ceramic_Tile while has Orange Coating floor. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in west with 15 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Jade and Pink as well as uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Gray, and uses White Wallpaper for floor. bedroom2 is in northwest with 13 square meters. In addition, washroom1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. washroom1 floor is Gray Painted_Wood while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. wall of balcony1 is Coating and Earth_color, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Blue. livingroom1 uses Yellow Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Red Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 is in center with 25 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 has 6 squares in northeast. kitchen1 has Orange Wall_Cloth wall while floor is Cement_Board and Orange. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 is in south with 8 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Coating and Black, and floor is Wood_color Wood_Veneer. In addition, livingroom1 covers 41 square meters located in west. floor of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Yellow as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Orange. Moreover, closet1 uses Black Ceramic_Tile for floor, and has White Mosaic wall. closet1 is in center with 7 square meters. Besides, wall of study1 is Ceramics and Earth_color while floor is Blue Wall_Cloth. study1 has 5 squares in east. bedroom1 is in southeast with 14 square meters. bedroom1 uses Red Log for floor, and wall is Stone_Brick and Pink. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Green as well as wall is Log and Wood_color. balcony1 has 8 squares in northwest. balcony1 uses Green Jade for floor, and has Black Quartz wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, closet1, balcony1, study1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, study1. closet1, study1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 floor is Purple Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Green. wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Purple, and floor is Purple Log. bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in center. bedroom2 has Orange Stone_Brick wall while floor is Red Ceramics. livingroom1 is in center with 41 square meters. livingroom1 uses Yellow Ceramics for floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Purple. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 has Gray Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Earth_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in west. washroom1 has Earth_color Mosaic floor as well as wall is Orange Marble. In addition, bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in north. bedroom1 has Black Ceramics floor while wall is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 covers 44 square meters located in south. livingroom1 has Orange Cement_Board floor, and has Green Jade wall. Moreover, kitchen1 floor is Red Quartz as well as wall is White Wood_Veneer. kitchen1 has 11 squares in northwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red as well as uses Red Wall_Cloth for floor. washroom1 has 7 squares in south. Moreover, washroom2 floor is Yellow Rock_Plate, and wall is Log and Earth_color. washroom2 is in south with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 47 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Black Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Red Jade. wall of study1 is Ceramics and Earth_color, and has Orange Pure_Color_Wood floor. study1 is in east with 8 square meters. Additionally, bedroom1 has 16 squares in south. bedroom1 floor is Pink Coating while has Red Granite wall. bedroom2 has Black Ceramic_Tile wall as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Orange. bedroom2 has 11 squares in southeast. kitchen1 covers 11 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has Pink Quartz wall, and uses Orange Rock_Plate for floor. balcony1 has Gray Log floor while wall is Orange Quartz. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in west. bedroom1, kitchen1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is next to study1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 6 squares in center. wall of washroom1 is Mosaic and White as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Yellow. washroom2 has Earth_color Rock_Plate wall, and uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor. washroom2 has 2 squares in west. livingroom1 wall is Purple Log while uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 39 square meters. Moreover, study1 uses Green Jade for floor, and has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall. study1 is in west with 8 square meters. Besides, bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Cement_Board as well as floor is Red Marble. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in east. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has Red Coating wall while floor is Pink Rock_Plate. Besides, kitchen1 wall is Orange Rock_Plate as well as has Red Granite floor. kitchen1 has 5 squares in north. balcony1 is in east with 5 square meters. balcony1 has Blue Granite wall while has Black Pure_Color_Wood floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1. study1 is next to washroom2. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 uses Green Quartz for floor as well as wall is Log and Orange. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in west. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall while floor is Red Granite. Additionally, bedroom3 uses Purple Coating for floor, and wall is Granite and Wood_color. bedroom3 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. washroom1 has Red Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Pink. washroom1 covers 17 square meters located in southwest. Besides, balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in north. wall of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange, and floor is Jade and Black. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 33 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow as well as has Blue Painted_Wood wall. In addition, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Wood_Grain while has Green Mosaic floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom3 and balcony1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom1 uses Pink Ceramics for floor as well as has Black Quartz wall. In addition, bedroom2 uses Black Ceramics for floor while has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. Moreover, floor of bedroom3 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange, and wall is White Stone_Brick. bedroom3 is in west with 7 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Mosaic and Red as well as uses Blue Quartz for floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. In addition, wall of balcony1 is Coating and Orange while uses Red Coating for floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Green Ceramics as well as wall is Coating and Pink. kitchen1 wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood, and uses White Stone_Brick for floor. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 19 squares in southwest. wall of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Pink as well as floor is Coating and Red. Additionally, floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Purple while wall is Wall_Cloth and Green. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in center. In addition, bedroom3 is in northwest with 8 square meters. bedroom3 has White Pure_Color_Wood wall, and has Pink Wallpaper floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Black as well as floor is Quartz and Green. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom2 uses Wood_color Coating for floor while wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate. balcony1 floor is Blue Wood_Veneer, and wall is Orange Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 has 7 squares in south. floor of balcony2 is Cement_Board and Orange while has Pink Quartz wall. balcony2 has 2 squares in northeast. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 42 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Marble and White as well as floor is Yellow Wallpaper. In addition, wall of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color, and has Purple Ceramics floor. kitchen1 has 8 squares in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. wall of washroom1 is Granite and Black as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Red. washroom2 has 4 squares in southeast. washroom2 has Yellow Coating wall while has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor. livingroom1 covers 44 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Orange Cement_Board wall as well as uses Red Wallpaper for floor. wall of study1 is Marble and Orange while floor is Cement_Board and Black. study1 covers 11 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in north. bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Coating, and wall is Stone_Brick and Gray. In addition, bedroom2 is in northeast with 13 square meters. bedroom2 has Black Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Green Wood_Grain. Additionally, kitchen1 uses Pink Rock_Plate for floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. kitchen1 has 5 squares in east. In addition, balcony1 floor is Green Jade while wall is Gray Granite. balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1 and study1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Orange Granite wall as well as floor is Yellow Rock_Plate. bedroom1 is in southeast with 15 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Purple Painted_Wood while uses Black Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in southwest. In addition, bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. floor of bedroom3 is Rock_Plate and Red, and wall is Marble and Pink. Besides, washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Black as well as has Wood_color Stone_Brick floor. Additionally, washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. floor of washroom2 is Stone_Brick and Orange, and has Earth_color Painted_Wood wall. In addition, balcony1 has 7 squares in south. wall of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color while has Pink Granite floor. Besides, livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. livingroom1 uses Blue Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Ceramics and Black. Additionally, livingroom2 covers 3 square meters located in northwest. wall of livingroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and White while floor is Marble and Gray. floor of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and Orange, and wall is Granite and Earth_color. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, livingroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom2. washroom2 is adjacent to livingroom2. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 wall is Black Jade as well as floor is Black Marble. bedroom1 has 12 squares in west. bedroom2 has 12 squares in west. wall of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Purple while has Wood_color Painted_Wood floor. Additionally, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom1 uses Blue Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Pink Rock_Plate. Moreover, balcony1 uses Yellow Ceramics for floor while wall is Wood_Grain and Green. balcony1 has 3 squares in west. Besides, floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and Purple, and wall is Green Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 is in center with 17 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 has Gray Bamboo_Vine wall as well as uses Yellow Wall_Cloth for floor. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. The building contains one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Pink, and uses Yellow Granite for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. Additionally, wall of study1 is Ceramics and Orange while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color. study1 is in southwest with 13 square meters. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Earth_color. In addition, wall of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Purple while floor is Yellow Wallpaper. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in north. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and White, and wall is Green Wallpaper. Besides, kitchen1 floor is Pink Ceramic_Tile while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and White. kitchen1 is in west with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Black Ceramic_Tile floor, and wall is Mosaic and Blue. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 has Green Ceramic_Tile wall while has Black Granite floor. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Pink Cement_Board as well as uses Black Wood_Veneer for floor. In addition, washroom1 floor is Earth_color Stone_Brick, and has Pink Wallpaper wall. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray while wall is White Quartz. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. wall of balcony2 is Coating and Gray, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. balcony2 is in north with 2 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Purple Bamboo_Vine while wall is White Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Coating as well as floor is Earth_color Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 5 squares in east. washroom1 uses Yellow Wall_Cloth for floor, and wall is Log and White. Moreover, floor of washroom2 is Stone_Brick and White while wall is Blue Painted_Wood. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in east. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 45 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Blue Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Earth_color Ceramics. study1 has 11 squares in southeast. study1 floor is Yellow Rock_Plate, and has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom1 is in northeast with 16 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Mosaic and Pink as well as uses Red Ceramics for floor. Besides, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Mosaic, and floor is Wallpaper and Earth_color. kitchen1 has White Wood_Grain floor as well as has Blue Wood_Veneer wall. kitchen1 has 7 squares in southwest. Additionally, balcony1 uses Green Granite for floor, and wall is Wood_color Wall_Cloth. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom2, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. washroom2, balcony1 and study1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in southeast. bedroom1 floor is Gray Marble as well as wall is Rock_Plate and White. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Purple Mosaic for floor while has White Ceramic_Tile wall. bedroom2 has 8 squares in west. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. floor of washroom1 is Ceramics and Blue, and wall is Green Rock_Plate. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Purple while wall is Earth_color Mosaic. balcony1 has 5 squares in south. floor of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Green as well as wall is Jade and Orange. livingroom1 covers 26 square meters located in center. kitchen1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Quartz and Wood_color, and floor is Green Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 has Gray Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Pink Granite. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in southwest. floor of washroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple while has Blue Log wall. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in southeast. floor of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and White, and wall is Pink Wallpaper. livingroom1 covers 21 square meters located in center. Moreover, floor of bedroom1 is Coating and Gray while wall is Earth_color Cement_Board. bedroom1 is in west with 15 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Gray Log as well as uses Blue Ceramic_Tile for floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom2 is in east with 3 square meters. washroom2 has Orange Jade floor, and wall is Blue Wood_Grain. Additionally, livingroom1 has 33 squares in west. livingroom1 has White Rock_Plate floor as well as wall is Blue Painted_Wood. Besides, study1 covers 7 square meters located in center. study1 floor is Blue Wall_Cloth, and has Green Quartz wall. Additionally, bedroom1 has 14 squares in southeast. bedroom1 uses Wood_color Coating for floor as well as has Earth_color Granite wall. bedroom2 has 9 squares in northeast. bedroom2 has Blue Log floor while wall is Log and Wood_color. bedroom3 has 8 squares in south. floor of bedroom3 is Rock_Plate and Earth_color as well as wall is Orange Cement_Board. In addition, kitchen1 has 7 squares in northwest. kitchen1 has Red Ceramics wall, and floor is Green Cement_Board. balcony1 floor is Yellow Cement_Board as well as has White Marble wall. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in south. balcony2 uses Gray Quartz for floor while wall is Log and Gray. balcony2 covers 5 square meters located in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, bedroom3, kitchen1, study1, balcony2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, bedroom3, washroom2. study1, balcony2, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to bedroom3. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to balcony2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in northwest. washroom1 uses Purple Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Marble and White. floor of bedroom1 is Jade and Gray while wall is Granite and Earth_color. bedroom1 is in south with 12 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 is in north with 16 square meters. livingroom1 has Pink Granite floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Orange. kitchen1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. kitchen1 has Yellow Rock_Plate wall while floor is Mosaic and White. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, three bedrooms, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Blue Cement_Board wall, and uses Green Granite for floor. washroom2 uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor while wall is Purple Stone_Brick. washroom2 has 5 squares in center. livingroom1 has Purple Wall_Cloth wall as well as has Blue Granite floor. livingroom1 has 51 squares in south. closet1 has Red Ceramics wall, and has Earth_color Rock_Plate floor. closet1 covers 8 square meters located in north. wall of study1 is Wall_Cloth and Pink as well as has Pink Ceramics floor. study1 is in center with 9 square meters. In addition, floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Blue while has Orange Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Pink, and has Yellow Wallpaper floor. bedroom3 is in west with 6 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Orange Coating while floor is Gray Wall_Cloth. floor of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Red as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Green. balcony1 is in west with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, closet1, washroom1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom2, washroom1, bedroom3 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. washroom2 and study1 are connected. closet1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. balcony1 is next to bedroom3. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in southeast with 17 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Yellow as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Blue. In addition, bedroom2 has White Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Mosaic and Yellow. bedroom2 has 12 squares in north. Besides, bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. bedroom3 has Yellow Granite floor while wall is Green Jade. Moreover, floor of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and White, and has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. In addition, washroom2 has Red Ceramics wall as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. washroom2 is in east with 4 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Yellow, and wall is Mosaic and Black. balcony1 is in south with 8 square meters. Moreover, balcony2 has Purple Ceramics floor while wall is Wood_Grain and Yellow. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in north. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Log and Black as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Gray. livingroom1 covers 38 square meters located in center. Besides, kitchen1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Pink while uses Gray Jade for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony2, washroom2. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Wallpaper and Black as well as uses Purple Marble for floor. washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. bedroom1 uses Yellow Ceramic_Tile for floor while wall is Red Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. Moreover, bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. bedroom2 wall is Pink Pure_Color_Wood as well as uses Green Granite for floor. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Jade and Wood_color, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in center. Additionally, floor of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and White as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Pink. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Yellow Painted_Wood wall, and uses Black Cement_Board for floor. washroom2 floor is Gray Mosaic while has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom2 has 4 squares in west. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Gray Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Red Wallpaper. livingroom1 has 39 squares in center. Besides, study1 uses Pink Wall_Cloth for floor while wall is Wood_Veneer and Gray. study1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow as well as floor is Cement_Board and White. bedroom1 covers 21 square meters located in southwest. Additionally, floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and Pink while wall is Wood_Grain and Black. bedroom2 covers 15 square meters located in southeast. wall of bedroom3 is Stone_Brick and Purple as well as uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor. bedroom3 is in northwest with 11 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Black while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. Moreover, balcony1 uses Earth_color Wallpaper for floor as well as has White Stone_Brick wall. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. kitchen1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. study1 is next to kitchen1. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one study, one bedroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 covers 8 square meters located in south. wall of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and White, and has Blue Marble floor. In addition, floor of study1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow as well as has Blue Coating wall. study1 covers 16 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 wall is Wood_color Wallpaper while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. bedroom1 is in north with 24 square meters. Besides, balcony1 wall is Pink Quartz as well as has Blue Granite floor. balcony1 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 is adjacent to study1, balcony1, washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in east with 29 square meters. bedroom1 has Orange Quartz wall, and has Blue Painted_Wood floor. Additionally, bedroom2 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor while has Red Mosaic wall. bedroom2 has 8 squares in north. Besides, washroom1 wall is Gray Wood_Grain, and uses Yellow Ceramic_Tile for floor. washroom1 has 3 squares in north. In addition, balcony1 floor is Gray Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Wallpaper and Orange. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. Moreover, livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile, and has Purple Bamboo_Vine wall. kitchen1 wall is White Mosaic as well as has Blue Painted_Wood floor. kitchen1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and two kitchens. To be specific, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 uses Red Jade for floor as well as wall is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. In addition, washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. wall of washroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Green while floor is Coating and Blue. bedroom1 is in southeast with 13 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Blue Rock_Plate, and wall is Pink Cement_Board. Besides, bedroom2 is in south with 9 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Log and Purple while has Red Mosaic floor. floor of bedroom3 is Wall_Cloth and Red as well as wall is Blue Jade. bedroom3 has 8 squares in center. livingroom1 has Purple Bamboo_Vine floor, and has Orange Rock_Plate wall. livingroom1 has 32 squares in west. Moreover, kitchen1 has 5 squares in northwest. wall of kitchen1 is Granite and White while uses Green Ceramic_Tile for floor. Besides, kitchen2 covers 2 square meters located in west. wall of kitchen2 is Marble and Blue, and floor is Pink Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2, kitchen2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen2 and kitchen1 are connected. House has four bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Log and Earth_color, and floor is Gray Log. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in southwest. Additionally, bedroom2 is in north with 10 square meters. bedroom2 has Red Rock_Plate floor while has White Quartz wall. In addition, bedroom3 uses Black Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Yellow Wood_Grain. bedroom3 has 10 squares in northwest. Besides, bedroom4 has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine. bedroom4 is in northeast with 10 square meters. washroom1 floor is Pink Ceramics, and wall is Ceramics and Gray. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 floor is Yellow Quartz while has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Purple as well as has Orange Log wall. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 floor is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Yellow Mosaic. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, bedroom4, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, kitchen1. bedroom4 is next to kitchen1. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 uses Yellow Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Purple Stone_Brick. washroom1 is in south with 3 square meters. Additionally, bedroom1 wall is Green Quartz while has White Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in north. bedroom2 is in south with 4 square meters. bedroom2 has Blue Quartz wall as well as uses Black Marble for floor. livingroom1 has Green Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 is in center with 12 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 has 7 squares in south. kitchen1 wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood while uses Black Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom1 is adjacent to livingroom1. kitchen1, bedroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 14 squares in north. bedroom1 uses Wood_color Marble for floor as well as wall is Wood_color Wall_Cloth. In addition, bedroom2 has 10 squares in south. wall of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color while uses Black Bamboo_Vine for floor. Besides, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is Yellow Mosaic. In addition, wall of balcony1 is Wallpaper and Pink while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is in east with 33 square meters. livingroom1 uses Gray Jade for floor, and wall is Mosaic and Gray. kitchen1 has 6 squares in south. kitchen1 has White Log wall as well as uses Black Cement_Board for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to balcony1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 floor is Gray Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Orange Rock_Plate. washroom1 has 5 squares in northwest. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Earth_color, and uses Gray Cement_Board for floor. bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Gray as well as floor is Blue Jade. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Gray Coating, and uses Wood_color Quartz for floor. livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. Additionally, kitchen1 has Red Ceramics wall while uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Log and Black, and has Orange Stone_Brick floor. bedroom1 has 19 squares in northeast. Moreover, bedroom2 has Red Log floor while wall is Wood_color Jade. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. floor of washroom1 is Granite and Earth_color, and wall is Coating and White. floor of balcony1 is Ceramics and Earth_color as well as has Green Wood_Veneer wall. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in east. Additionally, livingroom1 has 31 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Log and Earth_color while wall is Log and Black. kitchen1 is in northwest with 7 square meters. kitchen1 floor is Yellow Wall_Cloth, and wall is Stone_Brick and Black. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has White Log wall, and has Earth_color Cement_Board floor. washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. bedroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. bedroom1 uses Black Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Orange. bedroom2 has Gray Bamboo_Vine wall while floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. bedroom2 is in west with 5 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Blue Mosaic as well as floor is Wood_Grain and Pink. In addition, floor of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Green, and has Gray Cement_Board wall. kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink as well as wall is Marble and Wood_color. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in south. bedroom2 has Yellow Log wall, and floor is Jade and Blue. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in north. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 wall is Gray Wood_Veneer while uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor. In addition, wall of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Black as well as floor is Earth_color Log. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. Besides, balcony2 is in south with 5 square meters. balcony2 has Purple Wallpaper floor while has Pink Coating wall. livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Wood_color, and has Red Ceramics floor. Additionally, kitchen1 has Blue Marble floor as well as wall is Green Cement_Board. kitchen1 is in north with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony2, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. balcony2 and balcony1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom1 has Earth_color Granite wall as well as has Yellow Log floor. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray, and uses Blue Wallpaper for floor. study1 is in east with 11 square meters. wall of study1 is Cement_Board and Wood_color as well as floor is Blue Quartz. bedroom1 floor is Green Wood_Veneer while wall is Gray Ceramics. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom2 is Jade and Green, and has Gray Marble floor. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. Additionally, kitchen1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Red as well as wall is Blue Wood_Grain. Moreover, balcony1 uses Earth_color Marble for floor, and has Pink Jade wall. balcony1 has 7 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. study1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 uses White Painted_Wood for floor, and has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom1 has 19 squares in west. Additionally, bedroom2 has White Stone_Brick floor as well as has Blue Stone_Brick wall. bedroom2 is in northwest with 16 square meters. Moreover, bedroom3 wall is Red Wall_Cloth, and has Orange Coating floor. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. Besides, washroom1 is in east with 7 square meters. washroom1 has Purple Ceramic_Tile wall as well as floor is Yellow Wood_Veneer. Moreover, washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color, and has White Coating wall. Additionally, balcony1 has Pink Wood_Grain wall while floor is Marble and White. balcony1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. Moreover, balcony2 has 4 squares in southeast. balcony2 wall is Wood_color Quartz as well as uses Orange Rock_Plate for floor. In addition, livingroom1 has Red Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Ceramics and Green. livingroom1 has 44 squares in south. kitchen1 has 7 squares in east. kitchen1 wall is Yellow Mosaic while floor is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, washroom2, balcony2. bedroom2, balcony1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 wall is Red Wood_Veneer as well as uses Green Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom1 has 18 squares in south. Moreover, bedroom2 has 13 squares in northeast. bedroom2 wall is Gray Rock_Plate, and has Pink Quartz floor. washroom1 has 7 squares in southeast. washroom1 has Earth_color Granite wall while floor is Painted_Wood and Purple. balcony1 is in west with 6 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Orange, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. Additionally, livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Cement_Board while floor is Cement_Board and Blue. livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. In addition, kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange as well as floor is White Wood_Grain. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, balcony1, kitchen1. washroom1 is next to kitchen1. The house plan has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 uses Wood_color Stone_Brick for floor, and has Green Mosaic wall. washroom1 is in north with 6 square meters. In addition, study1 is in north with 5 square meters. floor of study1 is Log and White as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Blue. floor of bedroom1 is Granite and Pink, and has Purple Rock_Plate wall. bedroom1 is in west with 14 square meters. bedroom2 is in east with 11 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Wallpaper and Blue. Additionally, livingroom1 is in west with 32 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Green Ceramic_Tile while has Black Coating floor. kitchen1 has Pink Wallpaper wall, and has Wood_color Mosaic floor. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, study1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1, study1 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to study1. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has Black Painted_Wood floor as well as wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate. bedroom1 is in southeast with 18 square meters. bedroom2 has 12 squares in northeast. bedroom2 has Purple Bamboo_Vine floor while has Blue Cement_Board wall. In addition, wall of washroom1 is Log and Green, and floor is Earth_color Coating. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. Moreover, wall of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Earth_color while uses Yellow Granite for floor. balcony1 has 7 squares in south. Besides, livingroom1 is in center with 38 square meters. livingroom1 has Wood_color Ceramics wall, and floor is Earth_color Rock_Plate. In addition, kitchen1 uses Purple Ceramics for floor while wall is Purple Rock_Plate. kitchen1 is in west with 7 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 4 squares in northeast. washroom1 has Orange Jade floor, and wall is Coating and Red. Additionally, livingroom1 has Earth_color Granite floor as well as wall is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 has 43 squares in center. storage1 has Gray Mosaic floor while wall is Orange Jade. storage1 is in north with 7 square meters. bedroom1 uses Red Log for floor as well as wall is Orange Ceramics. bedroom1 has 16 squares in northwest. bedroom2 has Green Ceramics wall, and floor is Gray Rock_Plate. bedroom2 has 12 squares in east. kitchen1 is in east with 10 square meters. kitchen1 has Black Rock_Plate wall as well as floor is Cement_Board and Yellow. In addition, balcony1 has 6 squares in west. balcony1 floor is Yellow Wall_Cloth while has Pink Marble wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, storage1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to storage1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and storage1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of bedroom1 is Granite and Black as well as floor is Green Cement_Board. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 has Orange Mosaic wall while has White Quartz floor. Additionally, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. floor of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Orange, and wall is Black Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 wall is Purple Wood_Grain as well as uses Yellow Granite for floor. balcony1 has 5 squares in south. Moreover, floor of balcony2 is Ceramics and Red, and wall is Yellow Mosaic. balcony2 has 3 squares in west. livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Purple while has Pink Ceramics wall. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall as well as floor is Yellow Wood_Veneer. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, balcony1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. balcony2 and washroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Granite and Wood_color, and uses Gray Rock_Plate for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Pink Mosaic while wall is Jade and White. livingroom1 has 31 squares in center. study1 is in center with 7 square meters. study1 floor is Earth_color Cement_Board, and has Gray Coating wall. In addition, floor of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple while wall is Wallpaper and Purple. bedroom1 has 16 squares in east. bedroom2 is in west with 10 square meters. bedroom2 has Yellow Jade floor, and wall is Granite and Earth_color. kitchen1 is in west with 4 square meters. kitchen1 has Blue Granite wall while has Purple Ceramics floor. Besides, balcony1 floor is Purple Jade as well as wall is Red Wood_Grain. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in east. In addition, balcony2 is in east with 7 square meters. balcony2 uses Earth_color Mosaic for floor, and has Red Marble wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, study1, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, balcony2, washroom1. study1, kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to balcony2. study1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in southwest with 17 square meters. bedroom1 has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Coating and Gray. bedroom2 has 13 squares in northeast. bedroom2 has Black Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Granite and Green. In addition, bedroom3 has Earth_color Wood_Veneer floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and Gray. bedroom3 covers 6 square meters located in north. Additionally, washroom1 wall is Red Bamboo_Vine while uses Red Marble for floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. In addition, balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in west. balcony1 has Purple Cement_Board wall, and floor is Mosaic and Purple. Additionally, livingroom1 has Yellow Marble wall as well as floor is Orange Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. kitchen1 has 9 squares in northwest. kitchen1 has White Quartz floor while has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. washroom1 is next to balcony1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 uses Red Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Wallpaper and Purple. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 wall is White Mosaic as well as has Purple Rock_Plate floor. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom2 uses Yellow Wood_Grain for floor while wall is Coating and Wood_color. In addition, livingroom1 has Earth_color Painted_Wood floor as well as has Green Wallpaper wall. livingroom1 has 18 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. kitchen1 uses Gray Wall_Cloth for floor while wall is Blue Cement_Board. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, one closet, and one kitchen. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Red, and wall is Marble and Orange. washroom1 is in north with 6 square meters. bedroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Blue Mosaic. bedroom1 is in southwest with 14 square meters. bedroom2 has 10 squares in northwest. bedroom2 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Mosaic and Wood_color. livingroom1 is in center with 38 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Blue Marble as well as uses Gray Coating for floor. In addition, closet1 floor is Yellow Bamboo_Vine, and wall is Wood_color Granite. closet1 has 3 squares in west. kitchen1 has Orange Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Log and Purple. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, closet1. closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, closet1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Marble and Red, and wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 has 37 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Pink Wood_Veneer as well as uses Purple Log for floor. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. bedroom1 has Pink Ceramics wall while has Earth_color Ceramics floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, one study, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 uses Yellow Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 has 3 squares in south. washroom2 has Orange Quartz wall as well as has White Wall_Cloth floor. study1 is in center with 7 square meters. study1 wall is Gray Wood_Veneer while floor is Jade and Blue. bedroom1 is in southwest with 20 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Blue Mosaic as well as has Purple Cement_Board wall. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor, and has Earth_color Ceramics wall. wall of bedroom3 is Jade and Blue while floor is Pink Wallpaper. bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in west. In addition, livingroom1 wall is Orange Wallpaper, and has Gray Rock_Plate floor. livingroom1 covers 52 square meters located in center. balcony1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. balcony1 floor is Pink Rock_Plate while wall is Green Painted_Wood. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom2. study1, washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, one storage, two bedrooms, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. washroom1 has Orange Painted_Wood wall, and has Orange Mosaic floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has 33 squares in west. livingroom1 wall is White Rock_Plate while floor is Coating and Red. closet1 has 7 squares in north. floor of closet1 is Bamboo_Vine and Gray as well as has Wood_color Rock_Plate wall. In addition, storage1 has 2 squares in northeast. storage1 wall is Red Wall_Cloth while has Blue Painted_Wood floor. Additionally, bedroom1 uses White Wall_Cloth for floor as well as wall is Wood_color Granite. bedroom1 has 13 squares in east. bedroom2 is in center with 12 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Quartz and Black while floor is Granite and Pink. balcony1 uses Pink Rock_Plate for floor as well as wall is Log and Yellow. balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, closet1, balcony1, washroom1, storage1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. closet1 is next to storage1. House has one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Pink Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Wood_color Wallpaper. study1 wall is White Wood_Veneer as well as uses Pink Rock_Plate for floor. study1 has 9 squares in north. Moreover, bedroom1 wall is Green Stone_Brick, and uses Red Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom1 is in south with 16 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 uses Wood_color Quartz for floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Gray. bedroom2 has 11 squares in northwest. livingroom1 has White Log floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Earth_color. livingroom1 is in south with 33 square meters. kitchen1 has Green Cement_Board floor while wall is Earth_color Jade. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to study1, washroom1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 is in west with 3 square meters. washroom1 has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall as well as has Earth_color Quartz floor. In addition, wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray while floor is Mosaic and Pink. bedroom1 has 7 squares in northwest. livingroom1 is in south with 12 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Red Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Yellow Wallpaper. Moreover, kitchen1 wall is Blue Painted_Wood, and uses White Granite for floor. kitchen1 covers 15 square meters located in east. kitchen1 is adjacent to livingroom1, bedroom1. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one study, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 floor is Earth_color Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Black. washroom1 is in east with 6 square meters. study1 has 5 squares in northwest. wall of study1 is Cement_Board and Green as well as has Blue Bamboo_Vine floor. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Purple while has Wood_color Ceramics floor. Besides, livingroom1 is in center with 21 square meters. livingroom1 has Black Cement_Board floor as well as wall is Pink Log. Additionally, kitchen1 has Blue Coating wall, and floor is Wood_color Rock_Plate. kitchen1 has 5 squares in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1, kitchen1. washroom1, study1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to study1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. More specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. washroom1 has Earth_color Coating wall as well as floor is Wallpaper and Black. livingroom1 has Wood_color Ceramics floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Gray. livingroom1 covers 22 square meters located in north. bedroom1 is in southwest with 10 square meters. bedroom1 uses Earth_color Wallpaper for floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Red. bedroom2 has 8 squares in southeast. bedroom2 wall is Earth_color Wallpaper as well as has Black Rock_Plate floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, one storage, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has 8 squares in west. floor of washroom1 is Coating and Purple as well as wall is Orange Painted_Wood. washroom2 uses Blue Wallpaper for floor, and has Blue Log wall. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in east. Additionally, storage1 floor is Orange Ceramics while wall is Ceramics and Blue. storage1 has 6 squares in north. Moreover, wall of bedroom1 is Log and Red as well as floor is Coating and Black. bedroom1 is in west with 26 square meters. bedroom2 floor is Gray Wood_Grain while wall is Cement_Board and Red. bedroom2 is in south with 19 square meters. In addition, bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in east. bedroom3 wall is Pink Mosaic as well as uses Wood_color Rock_Plate for floor. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 45 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Black while has Red Wallpaper wall. Additionally, kitchen1 has 11 squares in northeast. kitchen1 floor is Blue Bamboo_Vine as well as has Earth_color Quartz wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, storage1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1, storage1. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and Wood_color, and has Wood_color Mosaic wall. bedroom1 has 12 squares in west. In addition, bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in southwest. wall of bedroom2 is Granite and Wood_color while has Purple Mosaic floor. washroom1 has Black Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is Marble and Purple. washroom1 is in south with 5 square meters. Besides, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 has Purple Mosaic floor as well as has Yellow Wood_Grain wall. livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Coating and Black while has Gray Granite floor. Moreover, kitchen1 has 5 squares in southeast. kitchen1 has Red Wall_Cloth floor as well as has Wood_color Marble wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor as well as has Earth_color Wallpaper wall. bedroom1 is in southwest with 13 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Coating and Blue while wall is Pink Granite. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Rock_Plate as well as floor is Wood_Veneer and Gray. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Wood_Grain, and floor is Jade and Gray. livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 has Wood_color Marble floor as well as has Pink Rock_Plate wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 wall is Black Wall_Cloth as well as floor is Red Wood_Grain. washroom1 is in southwest with 2 square meters. Additionally, washroom2 has 1 squares in south. washroom2 uses Orange Ceramics for floor, and wall is Earth_color Jade. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Gray as well as floor is Cement_Board and White. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Yellow Log while has Red Cement_Board wall. bedroom1 has 8 squares in north. bedroom1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 uses Gray Ceramics for floor, and has Orange Wood_Veneer wall. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Gray as well as uses Orange Rock_Plate for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 36 square meters. study1 has 9 squares in west. study1 has White Log wall, and floor is Orange Coating. bedroom1 has 14 squares in northeast. bedroom1 wall is Wood_color Coating while uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor. bedroom2 floor is Purple Marble as well as wall is Black Painted_Wood. bedroom2 is in northwest with 10 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 has Blue Rock_Plate wall while floor is Ceramics and Wood_color. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southwest. Additionally, balcony1 wall is Blue Marble as well as uses Green Granite for floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. study1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1. Building layout contains one washroom, one storage, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 has Gray Log floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. washroom1 has 2 squares in southeast. Moreover, storage1 covers 4 square meters located in east. storage1 uses Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Coating and Wood_color as well as uses Wood_color Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 covers 23 square meters located in west. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Earth_color while has Wood_color Log floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, storage1, washroom1. storage1 and bedroom1 are connected. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, floor of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Orange, and has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom1 has Red Wood_Veneer wall while floor is Yellow Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 has 16 squares in south. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in north. bedroom2 wall is Red Wallpaper, and floor is Yellow Rock_Plate. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange as well as uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor. livingroom1 covers 46 square meters located in center. balcony1 has 6 squares in north. balcony1 floor is Orange Granite while wall is Green Marble. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 wall is Orange Bamboo_Vine as well as uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is in center with 35 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Gray Wall_Cloth, and floor is Granite and Red. In addition, study1 has White Wallpaper wall as well as has Orange Wallpaper floor. study1 covers 9 square meters located in southwest. Besides, bedroom1 floor is Gray Coating while has Purple Painted_Wood wall. bedroom1 is in north with 11 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood, and floor is Granite and Purple. bedroom2 is in west with 9 square meters. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in south. kitchen1 uses Blue Wood_Veneer for floor while wall is Yellow Quartz. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Wood_Veneer as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Black. balcony1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. study1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. washroom1 has Blue Coating floor, and has Gray Mosaic wall. Additionally, livingroom1 has 35 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Yellow Wood_Grain as well as has Gray Marble wall. storage1 has 5 squares in west. storage1 has Purple Painted_Wood wall while uses Blue Coating for floor. Besides, wall of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Orange, and floor is Gray Stone_Brick. bedroom1 is in southwest with 13 square meters. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Pink as well as has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. wall of kitchen1 is Marble and Purple, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Black. kitchen1 has 7 squares in northeast. balcony1 floor is Gray Log while wall is Blue Wallpaper. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, storage1, washroom1. storage1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to storage1. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, three washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 uses Pink Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Black Marble. bedroom2 has 12 squares in northwest. bedroom2 has Green Jade wall while has White Ceramics floor. In addition, bedroom3 covers 11 square meters located in southeast. bedroom3 has Purple Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Earth_color Stone_Brick. Moreover, washroom1 has Black Granite floor while wall is Orange Ceramics. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. Additionally, washroom2 is in northeast with 4 square meters. washroom2 has Blue Jade wall, and has Black Rock_Plate floor. Moreover, washroom3 has Pink Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Stone_Brick and White. washroom3 is in northeast with 2 square meters. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony1 uses Black Ceramics for floor while wall is Wood_color Marble. Besides, livingroom1 floor is Black Wood_Grain, and wall is Gray Ceramics. livingroom1 has 42 squares in center. In addition, kitchen1 has 7 squares in northeast. floor of kitchen1 is Coating and Gray while has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom2, washroom3. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. The building contains one washroom, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor, and wall is Ceramics and Green. washroom1 has 8 squares in north. study1 wall is Green Ceramics while floor is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. study1 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color as well as floor is Wood_Grain and Gray. bedroom1 has 31 squares in southeast. bedroom2 covers 31 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Yellow, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Green. In addition, livingroom1 has Black Quartz wall as well as uses White Bamboo_Vine for floor. livingroom1 has 37 squares in west. kitchen1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Black, and wall is Yellow Mosaic. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to study1, bedroom2. bedroom2, washroom1 and study1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Green as well as floor is Yellow Mosaic. washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. bedroom1 has 12 squares in east. bedroom1 has Red Wallpaper floor, and has Blue Wallpaper wall. bedroom2 is in southeast with 10 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Pink Wood_Grain while uses Black Granite for floor. livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in west. wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Black as well as floor is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. balcony1 wall is Gray Painted_Wood while uses Red Pure_Color_Wood for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in southwest with 12 square meters. bedroom1 has Blue Rock_Plate floor as well as wall is Yellow Wallpaper. bedroom2 is in northwest with 12 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and White while wall is Blue Wood_Veneer. Moreover, washroom1 wall is Gray Cement_Board as well as has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. Besides, balcony1 is in southwest with 3 square meters. balcony1 wall is Pink Ceramics, and uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor. livingroom1 has 29 squares in north. livingroom1 has Wood_color Log wall as well as floor is Mosaic and Pink. In addition, wall of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and Earth_color while floor is White Cement_Board. kitchen1 is in northeast with 9 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, three bedrooms, two kitchens, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Blue Jade as well as has White Cement_Board floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in center. Moreover, livingroom1 floor is Purple Mosaic, and has Earth_color Mosaic wall. livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in center. corridor1 has Orange Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Orange. corridor1 is in center with 4 square meters. bedroom1 has Orange Wood_Grain wall, and floor is Purple Wall_Cloth. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in east. In addition, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in east. bedroom2 wall is Gray Ceramic_Tile while uses Red Coating for floor. Besides, bedroom3 uses Pink Log for floor as well as wall is Blue Wood_Veneer. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in northwest. Moreover, kitchen1 is in west with 6 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple while wall is White Marble. In addition, kitchen2 has Blue Cement_Board wall as well as has Pink Bamboo_Vine floor. kitchen2 covers 3 square meters located in west. balcony1 has 5 squares in east. balcony1 has Pink Wall_Cloth floor, and has Yellow Wallpaper wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. bedroom2 is next to balcony1. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1, corridor1. kitchen1 is next to corridor1, kitchen2. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has Orange Rock_Plate wall as well as uses Earth_color Ceramics for floor. bedroom1 covers 9 square meters located in center. floor of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow, and wall is Purple Coating. bedroom2 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. Moreover, washroom1 has 4 squares in southeast. wall of washroom1 is Rock_Plate and Yellow while floor is Blue Rock_Plate. In addition, balcony1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. balcony1 wall is Red Jade as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. Besides, livingroom1 has 25 squares in east. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Orange, and floor is Green Wood_Grain. kitchen1 is in south with 3 square meters. kitchen1 uses Earth_color Coating for floor as well as has Wood_color Mosaic wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. kitchen1 and washroom1 are connected. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. washroom1 has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor as well as has White Wall_Cloth wall. floor of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Purple, and has White Cement_Board wall. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. In addition, bedroom2 has Purple Wood_Veneer floor as well as wall is Orange Ceramic_Tile. bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. Besides, livingroom1 has 18 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Red Wood_Veneer, and has White Log floor. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 wall is Yellow Log as well as uses Black Jade for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Yellow Painted_Wood. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in west. bedroom1 wall is Green Jade, and uses Green Bamboo_Vine for floor. Moreover, bedroom2 floor is Gray Painted_Wood while has Green Marble wall. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northeast. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and White as well as floor is White Stone_Brick. livingroom1 covers 23 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in south. wall of kitchen1 is Granite and Orange while floor is Orange Jade. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall as well as has Red Stone_Brick floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in west. livingroom1 has Black Stone_Brick wall, and has Earth_color Mosaic floor. In addition, corridor1 is in center with 9 square meters. corridor1 has Green Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as has Gray Jade wall. Besides, floor of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and White, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Green. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in east. Additionally, bedroom2 is in east with 11 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Yellow as well as wall is Quartz and Wood_color. Moreover, kitchen1 has 8 squares in west. floor of kitchen1 is Jade and Green while wall is Green Cement_Board. In addition, balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in east. balcony1 floor is Purple Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Green. corridor1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, corridor1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to corridor1. corridor1 is next to washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Wood_color, and uses Pink Wallpaper for floor. bedroom1 has 16 squares in west. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine wall while floor is Earth_color Wall_Cloth. wall of washroom1 is Quartz and Earth_color, and has Orange Quartz floor. washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. balcony1 floor is Earth_color Quartz while wall is Wall_Cloth and White. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in west. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Pink Painted_Wood for floor as well as wall is Green Painted_Wood. livingroom1 is in center with 60 square meters. kitchen1 has Black Quartz wall while floor is Wall_Cloth and Yellow. kitchen1 has 5 squares in southeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Painted_Wood and Purple as well as has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor. washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. bedroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Pink, and wall is Mosaic and Purple. In addition, bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Wood_Veneer while has Pink Granite floor. bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. livingroom1 floor is Yellow Mosaic as well as has Green Mosaic wall. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. kitchen1 uses Pink Wall_Cloth for floor while wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has Black Granite floor as well as has White Pure_Color_Wood wall. washroom1 has 3 squares in southwest. washroom2 wall is Purple Jade, and floor is Wood_color Cement_Board. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 has 13 squares in west. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Orange while has Pink Rock_Plate wall. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Purple Granite for floor as well as wall is Green Wood_Veneer. bedroom2 has 6 squares in northeast. bedroom3 is in east with 6 square meters. floor of bedroom3 is Wood_Grain and Blue while has Gray Pure_Color_Wood wall. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 21 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Black as well as wall is White Bamboo_Vine. Moreover, kitchen1 has 5 squares in southeast. kitchen1 has Yellow Wallpaper floor, and has Earth_color Marble wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 has Yellow Granite floor as well as has Yellow Quartz wall. washroom1 has 6 squares in north. In addition, washroom2 floor is Red Wall_Cloth while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. livingroom1 wall is Purple Bamboo_Vine as well as uses Red Wood_Grain for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 37 square meters. study1 has Gray Wood_Veneer wall while uses Orange Marble for floor. study1 is in east with 8 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 wall is White Marble, and floor is Gray Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. bedroom2 wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Red Wallpaper. bedroom2 is in northwest with 11 square meters. bedroom3 has 9 squares in north. bedroom3 has Pink Jade floor while wall is Red Bamboo_Vine. Additionally, floor of kitchen1 is Jade and Red, and wall is Wood_Grain and White. kitchen1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. balcony1 floor is Wood_color Marble while wall is Purple Stone_Brick. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. balcony2 has Earth_color Painted_Wood wall as well as has Black Jade floor. balcony2 covers 2 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, washroom1, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. kitchen1, balcony2 and washroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and White as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Black. washroom1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. In addition, wall of bedroom1 is Stone_Brick and Gray while uses Red Mosaic for floor. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Black as well as floor is White Ceramics. livingroom1 covers 25 square meters located in center. Moreover, kitchen1 has Blue Rock_Plate wall while uses Purple Quartz for floor. kitchen1 is in west with 12 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, one closet, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in southwest with 3 square meters. washroom1 floor is Green Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Ceramics and Black. In addition, bedroom1 has Gray Wood_Veneer wall while uses White Granite for floor. bedroom1 has 9 squares in northwest. livingroom1 has Blue Jade floor, and wall is Coating and Black. livingroom1 covers 24 square meters located in center. Besides, closet1 has 2 squares in west. closet1 floor is Green Quartz while has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall. Additionally, balcony1 covers 2 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 uses Gray Marble for floor, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Black. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1, closet1, balcony1. closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. washroom1 is next to closet1. Building layout contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has Wood_color Log wall as well as has Yellow Wallpaper floor. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in west. In addition, floor of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink, and has Black Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 wall is Black Wallpaper as well as floor is Yellow Bamboo_Vine. bedroom3 floor is White Pure_Color_Wood, and has Red Quartz wall. bedroom3 is in north with 9 square meters. livingroom1 is in south with 38 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Yellow while wall is Mosaic and Red. Besides, kitchen1 is in west with 9 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Wallpaper and White, and floor is Stone_Brick and Black. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine, and floor is Purple Wall_Cloth. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. wall of washroom2 is Coating and Wood_color while floor is Blue Wood_Grain. Additionally, livingroom1 has 48 squares in east. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Marble as well as uses Gray Quartz for floor. Moreover, study1 covers 9 square meters located in west. study1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor, and wall is Red Coating. Besides, bedroom1 covers 21 square meters located in southwest. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Earth_color while wall is Black Wood_Veneer. Moreover, bedroom2 floor is Gray Painted_Wood, and wall is Orange Quartz. bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in south. bedroom3 has Wood_color Wood_Grain wall as well as has Orange Stone_Brick floor. bedroom3 is in northwest with 11 square meters. In addition, kitchen1 has Gray Pure_Color_Wood wall while uses Red Ceramic_Tile for floor. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. Additionally, balcony1 uses White Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Green Mosaic. balcony1 has 8 squares in southeast. Besides, balcony2 has White Wood_Veneer floor while has Green Mosaic wall. balcony2 covers 6 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, balcony1, kitchen1, balcony2, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom3 is adjacent to study1, washroom2. study1 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in southeast with 14 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink, and uses Purple Mosaic for floor. Moreover, bedroom2 has 12 squares in east. bedroom2 floor is Gray Wallpaper as well as has Pink Marble wall. washroom1 floor is Earth_color Jade, and wall is Granite and White. washroom1 has 6 squares in southwest. floor of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color while wall is Jade and Orange. balcony1 has 6 squares in northwest. livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. livingroom1 has Red Log wall, and has Orange Quartz floor. kitchen1 has Blue Cement_Board wall while has Gray Quartz floor. kitchen1 is in west with 6 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Orange, and floor is Coating and Green. washroom1 has 8 squares in north. Additionally, floor of washroom2 is Jade and Pink while has Earth_color Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom2 is in west with 5 square meters. bedroom1 covers 19 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 wall is Green Jade as well as uses Green Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Coating, and wall is Ceramics and Earth_color. bedroom2 is in northwest with 19 square meters. Besides, bedroom3 wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile while floor is Green Ceramics. bedroom3 is in southeast with 14 square meters. livingroom1 covers 61 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue, and wall is Wood_Grain and Earth_color. Moreover, balcony1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. balcony1 has Gray Stone_Brick floor while has Black Painted_Wood wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, washroom2, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom2. bedroom3 is next to balcony1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 is in northwest with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Blue Rock_Plate as well as floor is Rock_Plate and Gray. washroom2 has Gray Marble wall, and has Orange Granite floor. washroom2 has 5 squares in east. livingroom1 has 41 squares in south. livingroom1 has Yellow Log wall while has Yellow Wall_Cloth floor. Moreover, closet1 has Wood_color Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Purple Ceramic_Tile. closet1 has 3 squares in center. Additionally, study1 has Gray Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Gray Cement_Board. study1 covers 5 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Green, and floor is Purple Stone_Brick. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in west. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 floor is Black Stone_Brick while has Blue Ceramics wall. Besides, bedroom3 uses Black Granite for floor, and has Gray Mosaic wall. bedroom3 is in north with 10 square meters. kitchen1 is in east with 6 square meters. floor of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Yellow while has Yellow Wood_Grain wall. balcony1 uses Black Coating for floor, and wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer. balcony1 has 9 squares in southwest. balcony2 covers 5 square meters located in east. balcony2 floor is Green Wood_Grain as well as wall is Orange Quartz. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2, closet1. bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, study1, closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, balcony2, washroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1. balcony2, washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to study1. washroom2 and balcony2 are connected. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in west with 11 square meters. bedroom1 has Pink Coating wall as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Green. bedroom2 is in west with 9 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Yellow, and has Yellow Bamboo_Vine wall. wall of washroom1 is Jade and Black while floor is Quartz and Wood_color. washroom1 has 4 squares in center. Additionally, wall of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Green as well as uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor. balcony1 has 6 squares in east. livingroom1 has 19 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Coating and Purple, and has Blue Mosaic wall. floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Red while has Black Wood_Grain wall. kitchen1 is in east with 4 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to kitchen1. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 2 square meters located in northeast. floor of washroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow as well as has Purple Marble wall. Moreover, bedroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Quartz and Purple, and wall is Painted_Wood and Pink. livingroom1 covers 19 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Pink Cement_Board wall while has Black Quartz floor. In addition, floor of balcony1 is Painted_Wood and Green, and wall is Quartz and Black. balcony1 is in west with 4 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. floor of washroom1 is Marble and Earth_color as well as has Green Wallpaper wall. wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow, and floor is Granite and Red. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. In addition, livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Wood_color. livingroom1 has 25 squares in center. kitchen1 covers 12 square meters located in west. kitchen1 has White Marble floor, and wall is Granite and Red. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of washroom1 is Marble and Gray, and has Earth_color Wood_Grain floor. washroom1 is in south with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 23 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Black Wallpaper as well as has Green Wood_Grain wall. Additionally, livingroom2 has 8 squares in north. livingroom2 uses Blue Quartz for floor while wall is Jade and White. Moreover, kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. kitchen1 has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall, and floor is Earth_color Ceramics. livingroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. livingroom2 is next to kitchen1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one corridor, four bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 wall is White Wood_Veneer, and uses Gray Marble for floor. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in north. washroom2 floor is Earth_color Painted_Wood as well as wall is Quartz and Orange. wall of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Purple, and has Wood_color Ceramics floor. livingroom1 covers 26 square meters located in south. corridor1 wall is Purple Wood_Veneer while uses Earth_color Log for floor. corridor1 has 3 squares in southeast. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 has White Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Blue Ceramics. Besides, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. floor of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Blue while wall is Granite and Gray. Moreover, bedroom3 is in center with 8 square meters. floor of bedroom3 is Cement_Board and Red as well as wall is Quartz and Black. wall of bedroom4 is Granite and Wood_color, and has Blue Granite floor. bedroom4 is in east with 6 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 uses Wood_color Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Black Ceramics. kitchen1 is in south with 6 square meters. In addition, balcony1 has 4 squares in southwest. balcony1 has Orange Mosaic wall as well as uses White Granite for floor. balcony2 wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain while uses Pink Bamboo_Vine for floor. balcony2 is in south with 3 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom3, bedroom4, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, balcony2, corridor1. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to bedroom4, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom4 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2, corridor1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 has Red Painted_Wood floor, and has Gray Cement_Board wall. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Yellow as well as wall is White Mosaic. In addition, study1 floor is Wood_color Wall_Cloth, and has Purple Painted_Wood wall. study1 has 4 squares in west. Moreover, bedroom1 has 11 squares in south. wall of bedroom1 is Coating and Black while uses Blue Pure_Color_Wood for floor. bedroom2 has 9 squares in northwest. bedroom2 has Gray Wallpaper floor, and has Wood_color Wallpaper wall. kitchen1 has 6 squares in northeast. kitchen1 has Blue Coating wall while uses Earth_color Jade for floor. balcony1 has Yellow Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Ceramic_Tile and Gray. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. wall of balcony2 is Wood_Veneer and Blue, and uses Green Quartz for floor. balcony2 has 3 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, study1, washroom1. balcony1, study1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to study1. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. balcony2 and washroom1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, one corridor, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 wall is Purple Granite, and has Pink Quartz floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in southeast. In addition, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in west. bedroom1 uses Orange Quartz for floor as well as wall is Blue Ceramic_Tile. Moreover, floor of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Black, and has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall. livingroom1 is in east with 22 square meters. corridor1 has 2 squares in south. corridor1 floor is Green Cement_Board as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Blue. In addition, balcony1 floor is Pink Granite while wall is Mosaic and Yellow. balcony1 is in east with 5 square meters. balcony2 uses Earth_color Granite for floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Red. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in west. bedroom1, washroom1, balcony1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony2, corridor1. washroom1 is next to corridor1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. In practice, washroom1 uses Pink Jade for floor as well as wall is Wall_Cloth and Orange. washroom1 is in west with 3 square meters. livingroom1 is in center with 22 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Blue Ceramic_Tile, and wall is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine. Moreover, wall of closet1 is Wood_Grain and Purple as well as uses Earth_color Wallpaper for floor. closet1 is in north with 2 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Orange Jade while uses Gray Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom1 is in northwest with 10 square meters. Besides, bedroom2 is in southwest with 9 square meters. bedroom2 wall is White Wood_Grain as well as uses Gray Stone_Brick for floor. wall of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Purple, and floor is Log and White. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 floor is White Log while has Blue Rock_Plate wall. balcony1 has 5 squares in south. Moreover, balcony2 covers 3 square meters located in east. balcony2 has Black Quartz wall as well as floor is Granite and White. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, balcony2, closet1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1, closet1. bedroom2 is next to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Jade and Orange, and uses Yellow Bamboo_Vine for floor. Additionally, wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Black while floor is Mosaic and Wood_color. bedroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. bedroom2 has 5 squares in west. floor of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue as well as wall is Pink Marble. wall of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Green, and uses Pink Wood_Grain for floor. livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has Black Cement_Board floor as well as has Wood_color Jade wall. kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in west with 13 square meters. bedroom1 has Red Stone_Brick wall, and floor is Green Wood_Grain. bedroom2 is in southwest with 9 square meters. bedroom2 wall is White Ceramics while uses Black Granite for floor. bedroom3 uses Purple Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as wall is Red Pure_Color_Wood. bedroom3 has 8 squares in center. washroom1 has Yellow Granite wall, and uses Purple Log for floor. washroom1 is in south with 3 square meters. Additionally, balcony1 is in northeast with 5 square meters. balcony1 floor is Green Coating while wall is Pink Mosaic. livingroom1 uses Black Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Quartz and Earth_color. livingroom1 is in east with 30 square meters. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Purple while has Blue Log floor. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in south. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, two livingrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 is in center with 5 square meters. washroom1 uses Purple Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and wall is Stone_Brick and Pink. Additionally, washroom2 is in south with 4 square meters. washroom2 has Gray Jade floor while has Gray Cement_Board wall. Besides, livingroom1 floor is Black Log as well as wall is Yellow Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. Additionally, livingroom2 uses Blue Wall_Cloth for floor while has Earth_color Wood_Grain wall. livingroom2 is in west with 10 square meters. study1 wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood, and floor is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. study1 is in west with 9 square meters. Besides, bedroom1 has 21 squares in east. floor of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow while has Pink Granite wall. wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Green as well as has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor. bedroom2 covers 20 square meters located in east. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Blue. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 floor is Blue Jade while wall is Wood_Grain and White. balcony1 has 6 squares in north. bedroom1, bedroom2, livingroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. livingroom2 is adjacent to study1, kitchen1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and three bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 has 6 squares in north. washroom1 has Green Stone_Brick floor, and has Orange Pure_Color_Wood wall. livingroom1 has Pink Wall_Cloth floor while has Earth_color Mosaic wall. livingroom1 covers 64 square meters located in center. bedroom1 uses White Ceramics for floor as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Red. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in northeast. In addition, bedroom2 has 15 squares in northwest. floor of bedroom2 is Cement_Board and White, and wall is Pink Wood_Veneer. Besides, bedroom3 floor is Green Stone_Brick as well as has Pink Marble wall. bedroom3 is in southeast with 14 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, three washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 floor is Pink Coating, and wall is Wallpaper and Red. bedroom1 is in west with 16 square meters. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Gray while uses Earth_color Jade for floor. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in south. In addition, bedroom3 uses Purple Stone_Brick for floor as well as wall is Cement_Board and Red. bedroom3 covers 12 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Jade and Red, and floor is Quartz and White. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in north. washroom2 has White Wood_Grain wall while floor is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color. washroom3 has Orange Painted_Wood floor, and wall is Mosaic and Green. washroom3 covers 2 square meters located in center. Moreover, balcony1 has White Rock_Plate wall as well as floor is Green Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 covers 13 square meters located in south. In addition, wall of balcony2 is Wall_Cloth and Purple while floor is Ceramics and Pink. balcony2 has 5 squares in north. Besides, wall of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Green as well as uses Pink Ceramic_Tile for floor. livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in east. kitchen1 floor is Red Jade while wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1. balcony1 is next to bedroom2. balcony2, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2, washroom2. balcony2 is next to washroom2. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has Gray Quartz wall, and uses Gray Pure_Color_Wood for floor. washroom1 has 5 squares in southwest. livingroom1 covers 28 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Yellow Granite floor while has Red Ceramic_Tile wall. Moreover, study1 has Black Granite floor, and wall is Ceramics and Red. study1 is in east with 9 square meters. In addition, bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick while has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 has 10 squares in north. bedroom2 has Gray Cement_Board wall as well as uses Purple Quartz for floor. Additionally, kitchen1 has White Wallpaper floor, and has Green Bamboo_Vine wall. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. Besides, balcony1 is in south with 3 square meters. balcony1 has Black Pure_Color_Wood wall while uses Wood_color Wood_Grain for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to study1. study1, kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 uses Gray Wood_Veneer for floor as well as has Earth_color Painted_Wood wall. washroom1 is in north with 7 square meters. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom2 has Blue Granite wall while uses Pink Granite for floor. livingroom1 has 43 squares in west. livingroom1 floor is Gray Painted_Wood as well as has Black Stone_Brick wall. closet1 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. closet1 has Orange Cement_Board wall, and floor is Yellow Cement_Board. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in southeast. wall of bedroom1 is Marble and Purple as well as has Gray Wood_Veneer floor. Moreover, bedroom2 uses Black Log for floor while wall is Ceramics and Yellow. bedroom2 has 14 squares in center. Besides, kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. kitchen1 wall is Purple Jade as well as floor is Quartz and Yellow. In addition, balcony1 has 9 squares in southwest. floor of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Orange while wall is Purple Quartz. bedroom1, bedroom2, closet1, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom2. closet1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. More specifically, washroom1 has Red Mosaic wall, and floor is White Coating. washroom1 covers 2 square meters located in southeast. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 23 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall while floor is Orange Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Granite and Blue. bedroom1 covers 9 square meters located in southwest. bedroom2 covers 8 square meters located in northwest. bedroom2 uses Green Wall_Cloth for floor, and has Pink Granite wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 wall is Green Coating as well as floor is Purple Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in north. In addition, bedroom2 has 11 squares in southeast. bedroom2 uses White Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Gray. Moreover, bedroom3 has 10 squares in center. bedroom3 wall is Blue Pure_Color_Wood while has Purple Wall_Cloth floor. Besides, washroom1 has Earth_color Painted_Wood wall, and uses Wood_color Quartz for floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. In addition, wall of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Red as well as floor is Painted_Wood and Red. balcony1 is in southwest with 3 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 42 square meters located in center. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate while floor is Yellow Wood_Grain. Besides, kitchen1 wall is Purple Wood_Grain as well as uses Orange Wallpaper for floor. kitchen1 is in southwest with 11 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom3, balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor, and wall is Red Wallpaper. washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. livingroom1 covers 42 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Wood_Veneer while wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick. study1 has Orange Marble floor, and wall is Log and Black. study1 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 has Red Ceramics floor as well as wall is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Pink, and floor is Yellow Wood_Grain. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 wall is Purple Log while floor is Granite and Red. kitchen1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. In addition, balcony1 has 6 squares in east. balcony1 wall is White Wood_Veneer, and floor is Orange Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. study1 is next to kitchen1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. More specifically, washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in southwest. washroom1 floor is Blue Cement_Board, and wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood. washroom2 floor is Pink Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Black. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in west. Moreover, livingroom1 has 34 squares in center. livingroom1 has Gray Wallpaper wall, and floor is Wall_Cloth and Green. closet1 has 4 squares in north. closet1 has Black Cement_Board wall as well as floor is White Wallpaper. In addition, bedroom1 has 15 squares in northwest. bedroom1 has Wood_color Wall_Cloth wall while uses Purple Log for floor. bedroom2 is in northeast with 14 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Red, and floor is Stone_Brick and Blue. Additionally, bedroom3 floor is White Marble as well as has Black Granite wall. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in north. kitchen1 is in west with 5 square meters. wall of kitchen1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Orange. balcony1 floor is Gray Wall_Cloth as well as wall is Blue Painted_Wood. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. balcony2 has Red Rock_Plate floor, and has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. balcony2 has 6 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony2, kitchen1, washroom2. balcony1, kitchen1, closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, balcony2. bedroom3 is next to closet1. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. House has three bedrooms, three washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 15 squares in east. bedroom1 has White Bamboo_Vine floor, and has Black Jade wall. bedroom2 has Orange Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Gray Ceramics. bedroom2 is in north with 13 square meters. bedroom3 has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall while floor is Painted_Wood and Yellow. bedroom3 has 12 squares in northwest. Additionally, washroom1 has Black Ceramics floor, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Pink. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in center. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in west. floor of washroom2 is Mosaic and Pink as well as wall is Wood_color Marble. In addition, washroom3 floor is Wood_color Cement_Board while has Red Coating wall. washroom3 covers 1 square meters located in west. balcony1 has White Jade wall, and has Pink Rock_Plate floor. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in east. livingroom1 covers 37 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Gray Granite floor as well as has Blue Pure_Color_Wood wall. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in west. kitchen1 wall is Blue Wallpaper while floor is Blue Wood_Grain. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2, washroom3. washroom2, washroom3 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom2 is next to washroom3. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. Specifically, floor of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Earth_color as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Orange. washroom1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and White, and uses Black Wood_Veneer for floor. livingroom1 is in center with 42 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 wall is White Wood_Grain while uses Red Log for floor. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has 16 squares in southwest. bedroom2 uses Orange Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Green Log. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. Building layout contains two washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 is in northwest with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Orange Quartz, and floor is Pink Ceramics. Moreover, washroom2 has 3 squares in west. floor of washroom2 is Painted_Wood and Purple while has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. study1 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. wall of study1 is Wood_Veneer and Blue, and has Orange Marble floor. In addition, bedroom1 is in northeast with 14 square meters. bedroom1 has Purple Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Black Rock_Plate. Additionally, bedroom2 has 14 squares in southeast. bedroom2 has Red Log wall, and floor is Mosaic and Yellow. livingroom1 has 46 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Stone_Brick while floor is Black Marble. kitchen1 has Blue Jade floor, and wall is Gray Cement_Board. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2, kitchen1 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Black Bamboo_Vine wall as well as has Pink Ceramic_Tile floor. bedroom1 has 20 squares in northeast. bedroom2 floor is Red Rock_Plate while wall is Cement_Board and Gray. bedroom2 is in west with 12 square meters. bedroom3 is in northwest with 11 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Earth_color Cement_Board as well as floor is Coating and Earth_color. washroom1 floor is Yellow Wood_Grain, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Earth_color. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. floor of washroom2 is Stone_Brick and Black while has Black Wood_Veneer wall. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. balcony1 is in southeast with 15 square meters. balcony1 uses Orange Marble for floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange. balcony2 is in southwest with 7 square meters. balcony2 floor is Earth_color Bamboo_Vine, and has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 53 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Pink Bamboo_Vine as well as floor is Quartz and Yellow. In addition, kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. kitchen1 has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Blue. bedroom1, balcony1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony2. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, two studys, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Blue, and floor is Blue Wallpaper. wall of washroom2 is Wallpaper and Gray while uses Yellow Quartz for floor. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 has White Jade wall, and floor is Granite and Pink. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. Moreover, floor of study1 is Bamboo_Vine and Orange while has Pink Granite wall. study1 is in northwest with 10 square meters. wall of study2 is Ceramics and White as well as uses Purple Mosaic for floor. study2 covers 9 square meters located in west. Additionally, bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. bedroom1 has Orange Marble wall, and uses Orange Log for floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. kitchen1 has Orange Mosaic floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Black. Besides, balcony1 has Purple Coating floor, and wall is Granite and Purple. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. bedroom1, study1, study2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. study2, washroom2 and study1 are connected. study2 is next to washroom1. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. House has one washroom, two livingrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. wall of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Earth_color as well as floor is Coating and Wood_color. livingroom1 is in southeast with 24 square meters. livingroom1 has Earth_color Ceramics wall, and floor is Purple Rock_Plate. livingroom2 covers 13 square meters located in center. livingroom2 wall is Wood_color Rock_Plate as well as has Earth_color Log floor. study1 wall is Yellow Quartz, and uses Black Wood_Veneer for floor. study1 covers 11 square meters located in west. bedroom1 is in northeast with 20 square meters. bedroom1 has Purple Stone_Brick floor while wall is Cement_Board and Earth_color. bedroom2 has 14 squares in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and Gray as well as floor is Pink Mosaic. kitchen1 has White Ceramics wall while floor is Pink Ceramic_Tile. kitchen1 has 9 squares in west. In addition, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in northeast. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Quartz as well as has Orange Log floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, livingroom2. livingroom2, balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to livingroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. livingroom2 is adjacent to study1, kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and study1 are connected. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has White Mosaic floor, and wall is White Cement_Board. washroom1 has 6 squares in east. In addition, bedroom1 has 16 squares in southeast. bedroom1 uses Purple Log for floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. bedroom2 has Gray Wood_Grain floor, and has Purple Wallpaper wall. bedroom2 has 15 squares in northwest. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Red as well as uses Wood_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. livingroom1 has 33 squares in center. kitchen1 is in northeast with 7 square meters. kitchen1 wall is Black Coating, and floor is Gray Mosaic. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 4 squares in north. washroom1 wall is White Ceramics as well as floor is Wood_Grain and Blue. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Wood_color Granite for floor, and wall is Wallpaper and Black. livingroom1 has 26 squares in center. corridor1 covers 2 square meters located in center. wall of corridor1 is Painted_Wood and Green while has Orange Granite floor. bedroom1 has Gray Wall_Cloth wall, and uses Wood_color Wood_Grain for floor. bedroom1 is in northeast with 12 square meters. In addition, floor of bedroom2 is Cement_Board and Green while wall is Orange Rock_Plate. bedroom2 is in northwest with 11 square meters. Besides, kitchen1 has 5 squares in west. wall of kitchen1 is Wall_Cloth and Blue as well as has Yellow Ceramics floor. balcony1 has Purple Jade wall while uses Green Log for floor. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, corridor1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1, corridor1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, corridor1. washroom1 is next to corridor1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 floor is Pink Mosaic, and has White Pure_Color_Wood wall. bedroom1 has 15 squares in west. In addition, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in east. bedroom2 has Yellow Rock_Plate wall as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Blue. Moreover, bedroom3 has Yellow Wall_Cloth floor while wall is Granite and Orange. bedroom3 is in east with 8 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Granite and Gray, and floor is Rock_Plate and Yellow. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in center. balcony1 has Red Bamboo_Vine floor while has Wood_color Jade wall. balcony1 has 4 squares in west. livingroom1 is in center with 28 square meters. livingroom1 has Green Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Stone_Brick and White. Besides, kitchen1 has 6 squares in center. kitchen1 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood floor while wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. kitchen1 and washroom1 are connected. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 floor is Pink Log, and wall is Pink Wood_Grain. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. floor of bedroom2 is Quartz and Wood_color as well as has Yellow Stone_Brick wall. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. Additionally, floor of bedroom3 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange, and has Red Wallpaper wall. bedroom3 has 5 squares in west. washroom1 has Wood_color Ceramics wall while floor is Mosaic and Earth_color. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in west. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Earth_color Marble floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. Moreover, floor of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow, and has Earth_color Granite wall. livingroom1 covers 29 square meters located in center. Besides, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. floor of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Green as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Yellow. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Red, and wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine. bedroom1 is in east with 12 square meters. bedroom2 is in west with 11 square meters. bedroom2 has White Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Granite and White. washroom1 has 3 squares in west. washroom1 has Purple Wall_Cloth wall, and uses Blue Stone_Brick for floor. In addition, balcony1 uses Pink Jade for floor while wall is Pink Wood_Veneer. balcony1 is in north with 5 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Earth_color, and has White Jade floor. livingroom1 covers 20 square meters located in center. wall of kitchen1 is Log and Purple as well as floor is Log and Yellow. kitchen1 is in east with 11 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1, balcony1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, two balconys, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in east with 20 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Log and Pink as well as wall is Blue Wood_Veneer. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom2 is Wall_Cloth and White, and has Yellow Coating floor. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Jade and Purple as well as has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor. Additionally, balcony1 has Black Wall_Cloth floor, and wall is White Mosaic. balcony1 is in south with 8 square meters. balcony2 is in south with 0 square meters. balcony2 wall is Green Painted_Wood as well as has Gray Wall_Cloth floor. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Gray, and floor is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in center. floor of livingroom2 is Wall_Cloth and Purple as well as has Gray Ceramics wall. livingroom2 covers 0 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has Earth_color Mosaic wall while floor is Wood_color Cement_Board. kitchen1 has 13 squares in northeast. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, livingroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1, balcony2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony1 is next to balcony2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has Purple Cement_Board wall, and floor is Earth_color Ceramics. washroom1 is in center with 5 square meters. livingroom1 has 27 squares in west. livingroom1 floor is Red Coating as well as wall is Purple Bamboo_Vine. Additionally, corridor1 has Purple Wallpaper wall, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and White. corridor1 covers 9 square meters located in center. In addition, bedroom1 wall is Black Ceramics while uses Pink Stone_Brick for floor. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in east. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom2 is Bamboo_Vine and Green, and has White Wallpaper wall. In addition, kitchen1 wall is Pink Ceramic_Tile as well as floor is Jade and Green. kitchen1 is in west with 7 square meters. Besides, balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in east. balcony1 has White Marble wall while floor is Green Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 is adjacent to corridor1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, corridor1, washroom1, balcony1. corridor1 and bedroom2 are connected. corridor1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, floor of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Purple, and has Black Coating wall. washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. Moreover, wall of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color as well as has Pink Wallpaper floor. bedroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. Additionally, bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom2 has Orange Stone_Brick wall, and floor is Mosaic and Pink. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Wood_color as well as floor is Cement_Board and Wood_color. livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has White Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Purple Pure_Color_Wood. kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 16 squares in west. bedroom1 wall is Yellow Log, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and White. wall of bedroom2 is Rock_Plate and Pink as well as has Wood_color Ceramics floor. bedroom2 has 10 squares in east. washroom1 covers 3 square meters located in center. washroom1 has Blue Wall_Cloth floor, and has Yellow Quartz wall. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in west. balcony1 floor is Purple Wood_Grain while has Black Wallpaper wall. In addition, livingroom1 covers 12 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Green Mosaic, and wall is Earth_color Coating. kitchen1 is in center with 4 square meters. kitchen1 has Green Jade wall while uses Pink Ceramics for floor. bedroom1 is adjacent to livingroom1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. livingroom1 is next to bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, one closet, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 covers 2 square meters located in southeast. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Yellow, and has Gray Bamboo_Vine floor. bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in west. floor of bedroom1 is Rock_Plate and White as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Orange. Moreover, livingroom1 wall is White Granite while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Pink. livingroom1 is in center with 18 square meters. Additionally, closet1 uses Yellow Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Blue Mosaic. closet1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. In addition, balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in north. floor of balcony1 is Rock_Plate and Pink while wall is Black Mosaic. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, closet1, balcony1, washroom1. closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 4 squares in west. washroom1 has Blue Coating wall as well as floor is Yellow Granite. In addition, washroom2 is in north with 3 square meters. washroom2 has Pink Jade wall, and uses Red Wallpaper for floor. Additionally, wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Red while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow. livingroom1 has 39 squares in center. study1 covers 9 square meters located in north. study1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Blue Log. bedroom1 is in west with 13 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Marble as well as wall is Earth_color Rock_Plate. bedroom2 is in northwest with 11 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Stone_Brick and Green, and floor is Rock_Plate and Purple. Moreover, kitchen1 has 7 squares in northeast. kitchen1 uses Black Coating for floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Yellow. wall of balcony1 is Wall_Cloth and Gray, and has White Cement_Board floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. study1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. study1 is next to washroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in east. bedroom1 uses Orange Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Green. In addition, bedroom2 uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor, and has Orange Wood_Grain wall. bedroom2 is in southeast with 11 square meters. Moreover, wall of bedroom3 is Wallpaper and Blue while has Orange Stone_Brick floor. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Yellow Rock_Plate floor as well as has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall. washroom1 has 5 squares in south. In addition, balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. balcony1 has Red Ceramic_Tile floor while wall is Wallpaper and White. livingroom1 has 32 squares in west. livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Mosaic, and has Pink Quartz wall. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in south. wall of kitchen1 is Stone_Brick and White while floor is Painted_Wood and Purple. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, bedroom3. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 has Red Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and White. washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has Gray Wood_Grain floor as well as has Yellow Stone_Brick wall. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. livingroom1 has Blue Ceramics wall while uses Earth_color Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 has 32 squares in center. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Pink as well as floor is Purple Painted_Wood. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in south. bedroom1 uses Gray Wallpaper for floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Yellow. In addition, bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. bedroom2 wall is Green Granite while floor is Wood_Grain and Red. bedroom3 covers 5 square meters located in west. bedroom3 wall is Red Coating, and has Pink Wood_Veneer floor. Moreover, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Blue Ceramics wall as well as has Black Marble floor. balcony1 has White Wall_Cloth wall, and floor is Log and Gray. balcony1 has 6 squares in south. Besides, livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Blue Wall_Cloth while has Gray Jade wall. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. floor of kitchen1 is Coating and Wood_color, and wall is Purple Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 has 2 squares in southeast. wall of washroom1 is Marble and Yellow as well as floor is Black Wallpaper. In addition, bedroom1 has Purple Ceramic_Tile floor, and wall is Purple Quartz. bedroom1 is in west with 12 square meters. bedroom2 has Pink Marble wall while uses Earth_color Jade for floor. bedroom2 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. Additionally, floor of livingroom1 is Stone_Brick and Yellow as well as wall is Earth_color Wood_Grain. livingroom1 covers 19 square meters located in center. balcony1 has Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood wall while uses Black Pure_Color_Wood for floor. balcony1 is in north with 3 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Log as well as wall is Cement_Board and Gray. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northwest. floor of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Purple while wall is Log and Purple. Moreover, washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. washroom1 has Red Wood_Veneer wall as well as uses Blue Coating for floor. balcony1 has White Wallpaper wall, and floor is Quartz and Gray. balcony1 is in southeast with 4 square meters. Besides, wall of livingroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Yellow as well as has Purple Ceramic_Tile floor. livingroom1 covers 26 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. floor of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray, and wall is Green Granite. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1, kitchen1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, kitchen1. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 wall is Black Stone_Brick as well as floor is Granite and Wood_color. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in south. floor of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Yellow, and wall is Orange Log. livingroom1 is in center with 34 square meters. In addition, floor of storage1 is Wallpaper and Blue as well as has Gray Ceramic_Tile wall. storage1 has 2 squares in west. Besides, bedroom1 has 15 squares in east. bedroom1 wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Orange Stone_Brick. In addition, bedroom2 wall is White Jade as well as floor is Mosaic and White. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in southeast. Additionally, kitchen1 has 6 squares in west. kitchen1 uses Yellow Wallpaper for floor while wall is Orange Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 has 2 squares in north. floor of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Purple, and has Gray Quartz wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, storage1, balcony1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. kitchen1 is adjacent to storage1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has 4 squares in north. washroom1 wall is White Wood_Grain, and uses Red Marble for floor. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 47 square meters located in east. livingroom1 uses Purple Log for floor while wall is Painted_Wood and Wood_color. Additionally, study1 uses Green Painted_Wood for floor, and wall is Pink Mosaic. study1 is in west with 11 square meters. Moreover, bedroom1 has Pink Wall_Cloth floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Pink. bedroom1 is in south with 15 square meters. In addition, bedroom2 is in northwest with 12 square meters. bedroom2 has White Painted_Wood floor while has Gray Cement_Board wall. Besides, kitchen1 has Yellow Log wall, and uses Yellow Pure_Color_Wood for floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in north. In addition, balcony1 wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood while floor is Blue Coating. balcony1 is in north with 3 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to study1. study1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, balcony1. balcony1 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, three washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 18 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has Green Quartz floor as well as has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall. Additionally, bedroom2 has 18 squares in northwest. bedroom2 floor is Black Quartz, and has Gray Quartz wall. Moreover, bedroom3 has Black Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Rock_Plate and Wood_color. bedroom3 covers 14 square meters located in east. In addition, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 has Pink Log wall as well as has Black Wood_Grain floor. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. wall of washroom2 is Stone_Brick and Pink, and has Orange Wallpaper floor. washroom3 has White Rock_Plate floor while has Red Jade wall. washroom3 is in north with 2 square meters. balcony1 has 7 squares in southeast. balcony1 wall is Earth_color Stone_Brick, and floor is Purple Cement_Board. Moreover, balcony2 is in west with 7 square meters. balcony2 uses Yellow Pure_Color_Wood for floor while wall is Orange Bamboo_Vine. In addition, livingroom1 has Blue Rock_Plate floor, and wall is Log and Purple. livingroom1 covers 41 square meters located in south. Besides, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in west. kitchen1 uses Pink Ceramics for floor while has Purple Rock_Plate wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, balcony2, washroom3 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1, washroom3. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, balcony2, washroom2, washroom3. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. washroom2 is adjacent to washroom3. Building layout contains one washroom, one storage, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 uses Wood_color Quartz for floor as well as wall is Yellow Rock_Plate. washroom1 has 4 squares in center. In addition, storage1 uses Yellow Stone_Brick for floor, and has Yellow Quartz wall. storage1 covers 12 square meters located in west. Moreover, bedroom1 wall is Yellow Jade while floor is Ceramic_Tile and Black. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Blue Wall_Cloth as well as uses Earth_color Bamboo_Vine for floor. kitchen1 is in center with 4 square meters. kitchen1 has Wood_color Quartz floor while wall is Coating and Red. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, storage1, kitchen1, washroom1. storage1 is next to kitchen1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has two washrooms, two livingrooms, and one bedroom. In practice, washroom1 has Yellow Granite floor as well as wall is Red Rock_Plate. washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. washroom2 is in south with 3 square meters. washroom2 has Green Rock_Plate wall while has Purple Granite floor. livingroom1 has White Stone_Brick wall as well as floor is Log and Earth_color. livingroom1 is in west with 33 square meters. Moreover, wall of livingroom2 is Marble and Purple while uses Gray Ceramic_Tile for floor. livingroom2 covers 7 square meters located in north. Besides, bedroom1 has Earth_color Log wall, and floor is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. bedroom1 has 21 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, livingroom2, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to livingroom2, washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, floor of bedroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Green as well as has Black Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1 is in east with 14 square meters. bedroom2 wall is Blue Log, and floor is Pink Quartz. bedroom2 is in southwest with 12 square meters. In addition, bedroom3 floor is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine while has Black Painted_Wood wall. bedroom3 has 7 squares in south. Moreover, washroom1 is in east with 8 square meters. washroom1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as uses Red Cement_Board for floor. In addition, washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. washroom2 has Gray Wood_Veneer floor, and wall is Wood_color Log. balcony1 has Green Ceramic_Tile floor while wall is Stone_Brick and White. balcony1 has 4 squares in southeast. Moreover, balcony2 is in southwest with 4 square meters. wall of balcony2 is Wood_Grain and Gray, and has Green Ceramics floor. Besides, livingroom1 covers 30 square meters located in west. livingroom1 uses Wood_color Granite for floor as well as wall is Granite and Pink. livingroom2 has 25 squares in center. livingroom2 wall is Orange Ceramics, and has Pink Granite floor. Additionally, kitchen1 floor is Yellow Granite while wall is Wood_Grain and Pink. kitchen1 is in northeast with 10 square meters. livingroom2, bedroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. livingroom2 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, bedroom3, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom2, balcony1. bedroom3, balcony2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom2, balcony1, balcony2 and bedroom3 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. The building contains one washroom, one study, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in north. washroom1 uses Red Jade for floor, and wall is Gray Wood_Veneer. Additionally, wall of study1 is Stone_Brick and Black while floor is Black Pure_Color_Wood. study1 is in northeast with 11 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Yellow, and has White Marble wall. bedroom1 is in west with 13 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Blue while floor is Stone_Brick and Gray. livingroom1 covers 34 square meters located in center. kitchen1 floor is Pink Wood_Veneer as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. kitchen1 has 10 squares in east. bedroom1, study1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. study1 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, wall of washroom1 is Granite and Yellow as well as has Wood_color Marble floor. washroom1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 floor is Earth_color Jade, and has Black Jade wall. washroom2 has 2 squares in southeast. Additionally, bedroom1 floor is Earth_color Wood_Grain as well as wall is Quartz and Purple. bedroom1 is in west with 13 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Marble and White while floor is Gray Wood_Grain. livingroom1 covers 17 square meters located in center. balcony1 is in north with 4 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Green, and floor is Granite and Orange. bedroom1, washroom1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. House has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 is in south with 10 square meters. bedroom1 has Pink Ceramics wall as well as floor is Wood_Grain and Gray. Moreover, floor of washroom1 is Quartz and Green while wall is Purple Mosaic. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. balcony1 has Wood_color Coating wall as well as uses Orange Wood_Veneer for floor. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Orange, and floor is Red Cement_Board. livingroom1 covers 11 square meters located in center. kitchen1 has 4 squares in north. kitchen1 has Wood_color Painted_Wood wall while floor is Quartz and Orange. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 12 squares in west. bedroom1 has Pink Mosaic floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and White. bedroom2 is in center with 7 square meters. bedroom2 uses Purple Wall_Cloth for floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange. Moreover, washroom1 has Earth_color Wood_Veneer floor, and has Red Ceramic_Tile wall. washroom1 is in north with 3 square meters. balcony1 has 4 squares in west. floor of balcony1 is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color while wall is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 wall is White Log, and uses Orange Wall_Cloth for floor. livingroom1 covers 14 square meters located in center. Besides, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. kitchen1 floor is Purple Cement_Board as well as wall is Gray Wood_Grain. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. balcony1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, four balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 17 squares in southeast. bedroom1 wall is Red Painted_Wood, and floor is Pink Mosaic. bedroom2 uses Purple Painted_Wood for floor while wall is Ceramics and Blue. bedroom2 is in east with 12 square meters. Additionally, bedroom3 uses Orange Log for floor, and has Purple Quartz wall. bedroom3 is in south with 11 square meters. Besides, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. floor of washroom1 is Log and Green as well as wall is Quartz and Black. Additionally, washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in center. washroom2 wall is Blue Wood_Grain while floor is Red Stone_Brick. balcony1 has 9 squares in southwest. balcony1 wall is White Bamboo_Vine, and has Yellow Mosaic floor. In addition, balcony2 has 8 squares in south. balcony2 has Yellow Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Purple Marble. Moreover, balcony3 has 6 squares in northwest. balcony3 has Wood_color Stone_Brick wall while uses Wood_color Granite for floor. Additionally, balcony4 floor is Blue Ceramics as well as wall is Bamboo_Vine and White. balcony4 covers 4 square meters located in north. In addition, livingroom1 uses Orange Log for floor while wall is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. livingroom1 has 37 squares in west. Besides, kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in center. floor of kitchen1 is Quartz and Blue, and wall is Wood_color Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, balcony3, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, balcony2, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2, balcony4. bedroom3 is next to balcony2. balcony1 is adjacent to balcony2. kitchen1 is next to balcony3, washroom2, balcony4. washroom2 is adjacent to balcony4. The building contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, one closet, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in east. floor of washroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Orange as well as wall is Granite and Purple. bedroom1 is in northwest with 18 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Black Quartz while floor is Gray Wood_Grain. Moreover, bedroom2 is in northeast with 15 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Ceramics and Yellow as well as uses Orange Quartz for floor. bedroom3 covers 13 square meters located in north. bedroom3 has Black Wallpaper floor while wall is Black Bamboo_Vine. Additionally, livingroom1 has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine wall as well as floor is Wall_Cloth and Red. livingroom1 covers 61 square meters located in center. floor of closet1 is Painted_Wood and Wood_color while wall is Orange Pure_Color_Wood. closet1 has 8 squares in west. Besides, kitchen1 has 9 squares in north. kitchen1 has Blue Pure_Color_Wood floor as well as wall is Blue Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, closet1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, closet1. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom3 are connected. House has one bedroom, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has 13 squares in east. bedroom1 floor is Green Bamboo_Vine as well as wall is Wood_color Wood_Veneer. Additionally, washroom1 uses Purple Wood_Grain for floor, and has Wood_color Marble wall. washroom1 is in center with 3 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Cement_Board and Blue as well as has Pink Coating wall. balcony1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. livingroom1 is in west with 29 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Blue Jade, and has White Jade floor. kitchen1 has Yellow Marble wall while floor is Gray Pure_Color_Wood. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in east. washroom1 has Earth_color Rock_Plate wall, and floor is White Jade. wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Red while floor is Rock_Plate and Wood_color. bedroom1 covers 18 square meters located in west. bedroom2 floor is Orange Granite, and has Purple Jade wall. bedroom2 has 12 squares in west. bedroom3 is in east with 8 square meters. bedroom3 uses Gray Coating for floor while has White Wood_Grain wall. livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Black, and wall is Purple Marble. In addition, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in east. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and White as well as floor is Cement_Board and Purple. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 is in north with 5 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Blue as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Black. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in south. bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Wall_Cloth while has Pink Granite floor. bedroom2 is in center with 8 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Orange, and uses Orange Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 covers 24 square meters located in east. livingroom1 wall is Black Bamboo_Vine while floor is Red Marble. kitchen1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. kitchen1 uses Black Quartz for floor, and wall is Purple Wood_Veneer. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in east. washroom1 floor is Green Granite, and wall is Earth_color Jade. In addition, bedroom1 is in northeast with 15 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Gray Painted_Wood while has Green Wood_Grain floor. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Purple Mosaic, and wall is Orange Wood_Veneer. bedroom2 has 10 squares in east. bedroom3 covers 9 square meters located in south. bedroom3 uses Red Cement_Board for floor while wall is Earth_color Painted_Wood. In addition, wall of livingroom1 is Granite and Orange, and has Orange Wallpaper floor. livingroom1 is in center with 40 square meters. kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. floor of kitchen1 is Granite and Blue as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Red. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to kitchen1. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, one closet, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. floor of washroom1 is Wallpaper and Yellow, and wall is Coating and Green. bedroom1 has 10 squares in east. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Gray as well as wall is Blue Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is in center with 25 square meters. livingroom1 has White Wall_Cloth wall while has Green Marble floor. closet1 covers 3 square meters located in east. wall of closet1 is Quartz and Pink, and floor is Earth_color Ceramics. floor of kitchen1 is Marble and White as well as wall is Stone_Brick and Yellow. kitchen1 covers 12 square meters located in west. kitchen1, bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to closet1. closet1 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in north. bedroom1 wall is Gray Coating as well as floor is Cement_Board and Wood_color. bedroom2 uses Green Marble for floor while wall is Yellow Quartz. bedroom2 has 12 squares in north. Additionally, washroom1 has 6 squares in center. washroom1 has Orange Log floor as well as wall is Granite and Green. Besides, balcony1 has Orange Marble wall while floor is Orange Log. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in south. Moreover, livingroom1 is in center with 30 square meters. livingroom1 has Green Cement_Board floor, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink. In addition, kitchen1 has 6 squares in center. kitchen1 has Earth_color Jade wall while uses Earth_color Coating for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, kitchen1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in west. bedroom1 floor is Black Marble, and has Yellow Ceramic_Tile wall. In addition, bedroom2 has 13 squares in southwest. wall of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Purple while floor is Purple Stone_Brick. bedroom3 is in east with 13 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Gray Wood_Grain, and uses Black Wallpaper for floor. Additionally, washroom1 has 4 squares in east. wall of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Black as well as floor is Coating and Orange. In addition, balcony1 is in north with 8 square meters. balcony1 wall is Green Ceramic_Tile while floor is Rock_Plate and Earth_color. livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has White Bamboo_Vine floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Blue. kitchen1 is in southeast with 8 square meters. kitchen1 has Earth_color Rock_Plate floor as well as wall is Wood_color Wallpaper. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom3 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. House has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 has 15 squares in northeast. bedroom1 has Green Coating wall as well as uses Black Wood_Grain for floor. bedroom2 floor is Black Mosaic, and has White Mosaic wall. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in east. Additionally, washroom1 has Red Granite floor while wall is Jade and Pink. washroom1 is in northwest with 5 square meters. Besides, balcony1 has Pink Wall_Cloth wall, and floor is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. balcony1 is in southeast with 4 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 is in center with 32 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Cement_Board and Yellow while has Yellow Ceramics floor. Moreover, kitchen1 covers 8 square meters located in south. kitchen1 has Pink Coating floor as well as has Gray Marble wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, balcony1. Building layout contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has Gray Wood_Grain wall as well as has Black Wallpaper floor. bedroom1 has 16 squares in northwest. Additionally, floor of bedroom2 is Wood_Grain and White while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in center. In addition, washroom1 has 6 squares in west. washroom1 floor is Black Mosaic, and has Wood_color Log wall. Additionally, balcony1 is in east with 8 square meters. balcony1 has Black Cement_Board floor while wall is Ceramics and Purple. Besides, livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Rock_Plate, and wall is Quartz and Earth_color. livingroom1 covers 32 square meters located in center. kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. floor of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Red while wall is Coating and Gray. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 has 5 squares in west. washroom1 has Pink Ceramic_Tile wall as well as has Gray Cement_Board floor. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. washroom2 uses Orange Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Gray. Additionally, livingroom1 has 35 squares in east. wall of livingroom1 is Rock_Plate and Yellow as well as uses Orange Granite for floor. Besides, study1 floor is Wood_color Ceramics, and wall is Marble and Green. study1 is in southwest with 8 square meters. bedroom1 has 19 squares in northwest. bedroom1 has Black Granite wall while has Yellow Wood_Veneer floor. In addition, floor of bedroom2 is Coating and Pink as well as wall is Yellow Wood_Grain. bedroom2 is in north with 12 square meters. bedroom3 has Red Bamboo_Vine floor while wall is Blue Mosaic. bedroom3 is in south with 12 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 uses Gray Stone_Brick for floor, and wall is Stone_Brick and Black. kitchen1 is in southeast with 7 square meters. Besides, balcony1 has Wood_color Log wall as well as has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is next to study1, kitchen1. study1 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has two washrooms, one study, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. Specifically, washroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Veneer wall, and uses Red Painted_Wood for floor. washroom1 has 7 squares in northeast. washroom2 has Red Wall_Cloth wall as well as uses Orange Wall_Cloth for floor. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in center. study1 is in south with 8 square meters. study1 has Wood_color Jade floor while wall is Wood_Grain and White. livingroom1 wall is Red Log, and uses Yellow Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 covers 24 square meters located in west. bedroom1 is in southeast with 13 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Orange while wall is Gray Granite. bedroom2 has 10 squares in northeast. bedroom2 wall is Yellow Mosaic, and floor is Red Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, study1, washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. House has one washroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in south. washroom1 wall is Wood_color Wood_Grain as well as uses Purple Rock_Plate for floor. Moreover, livingroom1 has 23 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Green. wall of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Yellow as well as floor is Log and Red. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in north. balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one corridor, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 has 5 squares in southwest. washroom1 has Wood_color Ceramics floor, and wall is Green Granite. In addition, washroom2 is in southeast with 2 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Rock_Plate and Earth_color as well as has Blue Granite wall. wall of livingroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Pink, and floor is Cement_Board and Blue. livingroom1 is in center with 16 square meters. Additionally, corridor1 has 5 squares in south. corridor1 wall is Black Cement_Board while floor is Pink Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1 has Wood_color Mosaic floor, and wall is Mosaic and White. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, corridor1. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. corridor1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, one corridor, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Green Wood_Veneer as well as has Red Granite floor. Moreover, wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Wood_color, and floor is Green Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 has 29 squares in center. wall of corridor1 is Coating and Purple while floor is Wood_color Marble. corridor1 is in west with 6 square meters. In addition, balcony1 has Earth_color Coating floor as well as has Pink Wood_Veneer wall. balcony1 has 7 squares in east. balcony1, corridor1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. corridor1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 covers 8 square meters located in east. washroom1 uses Pink Coating for floor, and wall is Marble and Wood_color. bedroom1 has Gray Wall_Cloth floor as well as has Green Jade wall. bedroom1 has 11 squares in west. Moreover, floor of bedroom2 is Painted_Wood and Pink, and wall is Red Wall_Cloth. bedroom2 has 9 squares in northwest. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Pink as well as has Gray Painted_Wood floor. livingroom1 is in south with 22 square meters. livingroom2 covers 17 square meters located in north. livingroom2 wall is White Bamboo_Vine, and floor is Purple Wall_Cloth. kitchen1 has Blue Wall_Cloth floor while wall is Cement_Board and Green. kitchen1 is in southeast with 11 square meters. livingroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. livingroom2 is next to bedroom1, bedroom2. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in southeast with 15 square meters. bedroom1 uses Gray Quartz for floor as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Red. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in south. wall of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Blue, and floor is Purple Jade. Moreover, bedroom3 wall is Blue Marble as well as has Black Coating floor. bedroom3 has 10 squares in northeast. Besides, washroom1 has 5 squares in east. floor of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange while has Green Jade wall. In addition, washroom2 has Blue Jade floor as well as has Red Wallpaper wall. washroom2 has 5 squares in north. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in southwest. balcony1 uses White Wallpaper for floor while has Purple Rock_Plate wall. Additionally, balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in north. balcony2 floor is White Coating as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Red. livingroom1 has 38 squares in west. livingroom1 floor is Orange Ceramic_Tile while wall is Purple Painted_Wood. kitchen1 has 7 squares in northwest. kitchen1 has Orange Quartz floor, and wall is Blue Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. washroom2, balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to balcony2. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. In practice, washroom1 uses Blue Bamboo_Vine for floor as well as has White Log wall. washroom1 is in southeast with 4 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 uses Black Granite for floor, and wall is Red Jade. livingroom1 has 19 squares in south. In addition, wall of bedroom1 is Cement_Board and Purple while floor is Earth_color Granite. bedroom1 is in northeast with 13 square meters. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one closet, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood, and uses Wood_color Stone_Brick for floor. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 covers 42 square meters located in center. livingroom1 uses White Coating for floor as well as has Green Mosaic wall. Additionally, closet1 wall is Purple Cement_Board, and floor is Blue Pure_Color_Wood. closet1 has 6 squares in west. In addition, floor of bedroom1 is Quartz and Orange as well as has Black Wall_Cloth wall. bedroom1 is in north with 16 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Granite and Gray while has Blue Mosaic floor. bedroom2 has 10 squares in south. Additionally, wall of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Earth_color as well as uses Red Bamboo_Vine for floor. kitchen1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in south. balcony1 wall is Red Ceramic_Tile, and floor is Black Mosaic. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to closet1, washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1 and bedroom2 are connected. closet1 is next to washroom1. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, floor of washroom1 is Granite and Yellow as well as wall is White Stone_Brick. washroom1 has 5 squares in center. In addition, bedroom1 uses White Wood_Veneer for floor while wall is Coating and Wood_color. bedroom1 is in south with 14 square meters. Additionally, bedroom2 is in east with 8 square meters. bedroom2 has Red Ceramic_Tile wall, and uses Earth_color Stone_Brick for floor. livingroom1 has 21 squares in west. livingroom1 has Black Wood_Veneer wall while has Earth_color Cement_Board floor. kitchen1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. kitchen1 has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall as well as has Red Wallpaper floor. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom1. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. The building contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 covers 21 square meters located in east. washroom1 has Yellow Wood_Veneer wall as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange. bedroom1 covers 7 square meters located in north. wall of bedroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Gray while uses Wood_color Cement_Board for floor. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Granite and Pink as well as floor is White Coating. bedroom2 has 5 squares in northeast. Besides, livingroom1 covers 21 square meters located in south. livingroom1 has Red Jade wall, and floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Green. wall of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Red as well as floor is Earth_color Wood_Grain. kitchen1 has 5 squares in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 has White Stone_Brick floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and White. bedroom1 is in west with 11 square meters. bedroom2 is in southwest with 9 square meters. bedroom2 has Wood_color Ceramics wall while floor is Wallpaper and Gray. Moreover, bedroom3 has 5 squares in center. bedroom3 has Wood_color Log floor as well as wall is White Granite. Besides, washroom1 is in south with 4 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow, and wall is Bamboo_Vine and Orange. balcony1 has 5 squares in northwest. balcony1 has Blue Marble wall as well as floor is Pink Jade. wall of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray, and has Pink Painted_Wood floor. livingroom1 is in north with 38 square meters. kitchen1 is in center with 4 square meters. kitchen1 has Orange Rock_Plate wall as well as floor is Orange Quartz. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom1, kitchen1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, floor of washroom1 is Granite and Wood_color as well as has Orange Jade wall. washroom1 has 5 squares in northeast. In addition, bedroom1 covers 14 square meters located in east. bedroom1 has Blue Rock_Plate wall while uses Earth_color Stone_Brick for floor. livingroom1 has Black Wood_Grain floor as well as wall is Wood_color Rock_Plate. livingroom1 is in center with 25 square meters. Additionally, kitchen1 has 12 squares in west. kitchen1 wall is Yellow Quartz while floor is Coating and Wood_color. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in east. wall of washroom1 is Ceramics and Orange, and uses Earth_color Marble for floor. bedroom1 has Green Wallpaper wall while floor is Wallpaper and Orange. bedroom1 covers 20 square meters located in southeast. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 floor is Wood_color Granite as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color. Moreover, livingroom1 is in north with 24 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Granite and Red, and wall is Coating and Blue. In addition, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 has Wood_color Quartz floor while wall is Stone_Brick and Orange. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1. The building contains two bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in west with 16 square meters. bedroom1 has Black Bamboo_Vine floor as well as has Earth_color Marble wall. In addition, bedroom2 is in southeast with 10 square meters. bedroom2 uses Gray Marble for floor, and has Orange Mosaic wall. washroom1 is in east with 3 square meters. washroom1 uses Yellow Cement_Board for floor as well as wall is White Log. washroom2 floor is Orange Wood_Grain while has Pink Mosaic wall. washroom2 has 2 squares in east. balcony1 is in southwest with 8 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and White as well as uses Red Marble for floor. Moreover, livingroom1 has Orange Bamboo_Vine wall while floor is Pink Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 covers 26 square meters located in center. In addition, kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. kitchen1 wall is Black Bamboo_Vine, and has Red Rock_Plate floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 13 squares in southeast. bedroom1 floor is White Jade as well as has Red Quartz wall. wall of bedroom2 is Log and Green while floor is Painted_Wood and Green. bedroom2 is in south with 11 square meters. bedroom3 has Pink Mosaic wall, and uses Pink Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom3 covers 8 square meters located in north. In addition, washroom1 wall is Red Bamboo_Vine as well as floor is Granite and Blue. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom2 has 5 squares in north. washroom2 wall is Earth_color Wall_Cloth, and uses Gray Rock_Plate for floor. balcony1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. balcony1 floor is Orange Mosaic while has Earth_color Ceramic_Tile wall. Besides, balcony2 uses Blue Wood_Veneer for floor as well as wall is Yellow Rock_Plate. balcony2 is in north with 3 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 has Red Quartz wall, and floor is Cement_Board and Black. livingroom1 covers 31 square meters located in west. kitchen1 uses Black Stone_Brick for floor while has Yellow Marble wall. kitchen1 is in northwest with 6 square meters. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom2, balcony1. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1 is next to washroom2, balcony2. washroom2 is adjacent to balcony2. The house plan has two washrooms, one study, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in west. floor of washroom1 is Cement_Board and Earth_color as well as wall is Green Mosaic. Additionally, washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in east. washroom2 uses Green Quartz for floor, and has Earth_color Cement_Board wall. study1 wall is Wood_color Wallpaper as well as floor is Black Wood_Veneer. study1 covers 12 square meters located in north. bedroom1 floor is Yellow Ceramic_Tile while wall is Ceramics and Red. bedroom1 has 19 squares in southwest. Besides, bedroom2 is in northwest with 11 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Quartz and Earth_color, and wall is Purple Wall_Cloth. Additionally, bedroom3 is in northeast with 11 square meters. bedroom3 has Pink Granite wall while has Orange Painted_Wood floor. In addition, floor of livingroom1 is Coating and Gray, and wall is Log and Yellow. livingroom1 is in center with 53 square meters. balcony1 wall is Black Pure_Color_Wood as well as uses Earth_color Wood_Grain for floor. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. study1 is adjacent to bedroom2. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom2. Building layout contains one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. More specifically, washroom1 is in east with 3 square meters. washroom1 uses Pink Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Ceramic_Tile and Black. wall of livingroom1 is Ceramics and Blue as well as floor is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow. livingroom1 has 27 squares in center. bedroom1 uses White Ceramic_Tile for floor, and wall is White Coating. bedroom1 has 7 squares in center. In addition, wall of bedroom2 is Coating and Purple as well as floor is Quartz and Green. bedroom2 covers 7 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 wall is Earth_color Cement_Board as well as has Wood_color Stone_Brick floor. bedroom1 has 16 squares in southeast. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 floor is Yellow Log, and wall is Stone_Brick and Purple. Moreover, wall of bedroom3 is Ceramics and White as well as has Gray Rock_Plate floor. bedroom3 is in northwest with 10 square meters. Additionally, washroom1 has 5 squares in east. washroom1 has Purple Coating wall while uses Red Stone_Brick for floor. In addition, balcony1 has 8 squares in south. balcony1 has Orange Coating floor, and has Black Stone_Brick wall. Additionally, livingroom1 has 45 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Quartz and Wood_color while has Red Quartz wall. In addition, kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in northwest. kitchen1 floor is Blue Quartz, and wall is Red Marble. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1. The house plan has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, one closet, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 is in northwest with 4 square meters. washroom1 uses Black Wallpaper for floor, and wall is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile. bedroom1 is in southeast with 16 square meters. bedroom1 wall is Orange Granite while floor is Orange Painted_Wood. Additionally, livingroom1 is in west with 23 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Pure_Color_Wood as well as floor is Log and Red. Moreover, closet1 has 3 squares in east. closet1 uses Earth_color Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Wood_color Painted_Wood. In addition, wall of kitchen1 is Ceramics and Orange while floor is Wood_color Granite. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1, closet1 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to closet1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 uses Red Ceramics for floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Wood_color. bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. bedroom2 has Earth_color Coating floor as well as has Pink Wood_Veneer wall. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in west. Additionally, washroom1 has 5 squares in northwest. washroom1 wall is Green Stone_Brick while has Red Wood_Grain floor. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Purple Coating wall as well as uses Wood_color Jade for floor. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 22 square meters. livingroom1 uses Wood_color Wall_Cloth for floor, and wall is Blue Stone_Brick. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. floor of kitchen1 is Ceramic_Tile and Orange while has Wood_color Ceramic_Tile wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. House has one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, one closet, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 has 4 squares in southwest. wall of washroom1 is Log and Purple as well as uses Yellow Wood_Veneer for floor. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Red while floor is Yellow Marble. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Rock_Plate, and floor is Cement_Board and Wood_color. livingroom1 has 7 squares in east. closet1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. floor of closet1 is Wood_Veneer and Blue while wall is Gray Bamboo_Vine. kitchen1 has White Log wall as well as has Red Rock_Plate floor. kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in south. livingroom1, closet1, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. livingroom1 is next to closet1, washroom1, kitchen1. washroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1. The building contains two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 11 square meters located in west. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Purple as well as has Pink Painted_Wood wall. bedroom2 has Blue Wallpaper wall while has Blue Marble floor. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. washroom1 is in northeast with 4 square meters. floor of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Earth_color as well as wall is Ceramic_Tile and Purple. balcony1 has Orange Wall_Cloth wall, and has Purple Coating floor. balcony1 covers 8 square meters located in south. Additionally, livingroom1 has 23 squares in center. livingroom1 wall is Earth_color Ceramics while has Earth_color Granite floor. kitchen1 has 6 squares in northeast. kitchen1 uses White Wood_Grain for floor, and has Gray Bamboo_Vine wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, balcony1. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains two washrooms, three bedrooms, one livingroom, one closet, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has Gray Coating floor, and wall is Wood_color Wall_Cloth. washroom1 is in northwest with 4 square meters. washroom2 has 4 squares in north. floor of washroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Pink as well as has White Cement_Board wall. bedroom1 wall is Purple Ceramics while uses Black Log for floor. bedroom1 covers 17 square meters located in southwest. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Green Wood_Grain, and has Red Painted_Wood wall. bedroom2 is in south with 10 square meters. bedroom3 is in northwest with 8 square meters. bedroom3 wall is Pink Jade while floor is Wallpaper and Blue. Moreover, livingroom1 is in east with 36 square meters. livingroom1 wall is Wood_color Stone_Brick, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Black. Additionally, closet1 covers 5 square meters located in west. closet1 has White Ceramic_Tile wall while uses Wood_color Ceramic_Tile for floor. In addition, balcony1 is in southeast with 4 square meters. wall of balcony1 is Quartz and Wood_color, and floor is Wood_color Log. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, bedroom3, closet1. bedroom2 is adjacent to balcony1. closet1, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. closet1 is next to washroom1. Building layout contains four washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 uses Black Ceramics for floor as well as wall is Yellow Ceramics. washroom1 is in northwest with 5 square meters. Moreover, washroom2 uses Earth_color Bamboo_Vine for floor while has Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood wall. washroom2 is in south with 3 square meters. Additionally, washroom3 covers 0 square meters located in northwest. washroom3 wall is Earth_color Ceramics as well as uses White Granite for floor. washroom4 is in south with 0 square meters. washroom4 floor is Earth_color Painted_Wood while wall is Ceramics and Wood_color. livingroom1 has Wood_color Wood_Grain floor, and wall is Wood_color Granite. livingroom1 has 30 squares in center. study1 has 9 squares in southwest. study1 has Gray Coating floor as well as wall is White Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 is in south with 15 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Pink Pure_Color_Wood while wall is Wood_Grain and Wood_color. In addition, bedroom2 is in north with 14 square meters. bedroom2 uses Pink Quartz for floor as well as wall is Coating and Yellow. kitchen1 is in west with 7 square meters. kitchen1 uses Yellow Mosaic for floor while has Gray Quartz wall. Additionally, balcony1 wall is Gray Granite as well as floor is Quartz and White. balcony1 has 6 squares in east. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. study1, washroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to washroom2, washroom4. washroom3 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom3. The building contains two washrooms, one study, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. More specifically, washroom1 has Purple Granite wall as well as floor is Wallpaper and Yellow. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in east. In addition, wall of washroom2 is Rock_Plate and Yellow while uses Gray Painted_Wood for floor. washroom2 is in north with 2 square meters. Besides, study1 uses Gray Bamboo_Vine for floor, and has Orange Quartz wall. study1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. bedroom1 is in east with 16 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and White as well as has Purple Coating wall. bedroom2 floor is White Rock_Plate while has Yellow Cement_Board wall. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northeast. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 59 square meters located in center. livingroom1 has Purple Mosaic wall as well as uses Earth_color Coating for floor. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in northwest. balcony1 has Black Painted_Wood floor, and wall is White Quartz. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to washroom1, washroom2. balcony1 and study1 are connected. House has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, one storage, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and three balconys. More specifically, washroom1 uses Pink Cement_Board for floor, and wall is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood. washroom1 is in north with 4 square meters. washroom2 is in east with 3 square meters. floor of washroom2 is Stone_Brick and Blue as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Yellow. Moreover, livingroom1 covers 41 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Purple while uses Pink Mosaic for floor. study1 has 16 squares in northwest. floor of study1 is Quartz and Blue, and wall is Yellow Mosaic. storage1 has 3 squares in south. storage1 has Gray Wallpaper wall as well as has White Cement_Board floor. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 15 square meters located in north. floor of bedroom1 is Wood_Grain and Orange while wall is Pink Wallpaper. bedroom2 uses Yellow Quartz for floor, and wall is Granite and Wood_color. bedroom2 has 13 squares in northeast. bedroom3 floor is Earth_color Wallpaper as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Gray. bedroom3 has 11 squares in northwest. Moreover, wall of kitchen1 is Wood_Grain and Black while uses White Painted_Wood for floor. kitchen1 is in east with 5 square meters. balcony1 covers 3 square meters located in east. balcony1 has Orange Wall_Cloth wall, and floor is Green Log. Additionally, balcony2 is in east with 2 square meters. balcony2 uses Yellow Ceramics for floor while wall is Wood_Veneer and Blue. balcony3 wall is Yellow Ceramic_Tile as well as floor is Yellow Wood_Veneer. balcony3 has 1 squares in northwest. study1, bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony1, storage1 and livingroom1 are connected. study1 is adjacent to bedroom3, balcony3. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2. kitchen1 is next to washroom2, balcony2. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. Specifically, washroom1 uses Black Wall_Cloth for floor, and has Pink Log wall. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 has 21 squares in west. floor of livingroom1 is Jade and Black while wall is Orange Cement_Board. Moreover, wall of bedroom1 is Wallpaper and Purple as well as floor is Coating and Black. bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in center. bedroom1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, wall of bedroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color, and has Earth_color Rock_Plate floor. bedroom1 has 13 squares in south. Additionally, bedroom2 has Yellow Painted_Wood floor while wall is Coating and Orange. bedroom2 is in north with 9 square meters. bedroom3 has Pink Ceramic_Tile floor as well as wall is Wood_Veneer and Purple. bedroom3 is in west with 5 square meters. washroom1 is in west with 4 square meters. wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray, and has Black Wood_Veneer floor. Besides, balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in south. wall of balcony1 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow as well as uses Yellow Marble for floor. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 29 square meters. wall of livingroom1 is Wallpaper and Earth_color while has Purple Log floor. Additionally, kitchen1 wall is Purple Wood_Grain as well as has Orange Marble floor. kitchen1 is in north with 7 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, bedroom3, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, bedroom3. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom1 and bedroom3 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, washroom1 has 3 squares in northeast. washroom1 has Blue Granite wall as well as has Earth_color Wood_Veneer floor. Additionally, bedroom1 wall is Wood_color Mosaic while uses Purple Jade for floor. bedroom1 is in southwest with 6 square meters. bedroom2 covers 5 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom2 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow, and floor is Earth_color Stone_Brick. livingroom1 covers 18 square meters located in center. wall of livingroom1 is Painted_Wood and Red while floor is Red Mosaic. kitchen1 has 4 squares in northeast. kitchen1 has Pink Wood_Grain wall as well as floor is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, one corridor, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, floor of washroom1 is Log and Green as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Blue. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in center. wall of washroom2 is Granite and Red, and uses Earth_color Wallpaper for floor. washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in south. floor of livingroom1 is Marble and Gray while wall is Wall_Cloth and Orange. livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in center. study1 uses Green Wall_Cloth for floor, and wall is Green Coating. study1 has 9 squares in east. corridor1 has Purple Mosaic wall while floor is Green Painted_Wood. corridor1 is in south with 4 square meters. bedroom1 has 18 squares in west. bedroom1 has Yellow Stone_Brick wall, and uses Black Wood_Veneer for floor. Moreover, bedroom2 has 14 squares in southwest. floor of bedroom2 is Log and Red as well as wall is Wood_color Log. floor of kitchen1 is Log and Red while wall is Wood_color Coating. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. In addition, balcony1 has 6 squares in north. balcony1 has Purple Pure_Color_Wood wall as well as floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick. Additionally, balcony2 has 3 squares in southwest. floor of balcony2 is Ceramics and Yellow while has Earth_color Rock_Plate wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1, washroom2, corridor1. bedroom2, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to washroom2, balcony2. study1 is adjacent to balcony1. washroom2 is next to corridor1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. To be specific, washroom1 floor is White Pure_Color_Wood as well as has Yellow Quartz wall. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. Additionally, washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in center. wall of washroom2 is Jade and Yellow while floor is Wood_color Rock_Plate. livingroom1 has 30 squares in south. livingroom1 uses Orange Quartz for floor, and wall is Purple Wall_Cloth. study1 has 9 squares in center. wall of study1 is Wood_Grain and Green while floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick. bedroom1 floor is Wood_color Stone_Brick as well as wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Green. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in north. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northeast. bedroom2 wall is Green Pure_Color_Wood while has Green Wallpaper floor. floor of kitchen1 is Mosaic and Purple as well as has Orange Wallpaper wall. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southeast. Moreover, balcony1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. balcony1 has Pink Wallpaper floor, and wall is Wall_Cloth and Black. bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, study1. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and two bedrooms. More specifically, washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. washroom1 has Pink Coating wall as well as has Blue Jade floor. livingroom1 wall is Green Wood_Grain while floor is Yellow Wall_Cloth. livingroom1 covers 35 square meters located in west. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in east. floor of bedroom1 is Marble and Red, and wall is Wood_color Granite. bedroom2 is in center with 11 square meters. floor of bedroom2 is Ceramic_Tile and Wood_color while has Wood_color Coating wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2. The house plan has two bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in south. bedroom1 wall is White Wood_Veneer as well as has Blue Wood_Veneer floor. wall of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Wood_color while uses Gray Rock_Plate for floor. bedroom2 covers 16 square meters located in north. washroom1 is in east with 5 square meters. washroom1 wall is Black Marble, and floor is Orange Bamboo_Vine. balcony1 is in north with 6 square meters. balcony1 wall is Gray Log as well as has Gray Rock_Plate floor. livingroom1 wall is Yellow Granite while has Green Wood_Grain floor. livingroom1 covers 42 square meters located in center. kitchen1 floor is Purple Ceramics, and has Wood_color Granite wall. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 is in northwest with 15 square meters. bedroom1 has Pink Stone_Brick wall, and has Purple Quartz floor. Moreover, wall of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Pink while floor is Pink Quartz. bedroom2 is in southeast with 11 square meters. In addition, floor of bedroom3 is Bamboo_Vine and Pink, and has Blue Coating wall. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, washroom1 has 5 squares in north. washroom1 floor is Purple Wallpaper while has Green Wood_Grain wall. Besides, wall of washroom2 is Quartz and Green as well as has Purple Painted_Wood floor. washroom2 has 5 squares in north. balcony1 has Gray Coating wall while uses Purple Cement_Board for floor. balcony1 is in west with 6 square meters. In addition, livingroom1 is in center with 39 square meters. livingroom1 has Black Wallpaper wall as well as floor is Wallpaper and Blue. Besides, kitchen1 has 6 squares in east. floor of kitchen1 is Wood_Veneer and Yellow while wall is Jade and Earth_color. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom2. washroom1 is adjacent to washroom2. The house plan has two washrooms, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, floor of washroom1 is Quartz and Earth_color as well as has Red Marble wall. washroom1 has 5 squares in west. wall of washroom2 is Painted_Wood and Yellow, and floor is Blue Coating. washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 has 18 squares in west. bedroom1 wall is Purple Ceramics as well as floor is Granite and Black. In addition, bedroom2 has Yellow Marble wall, and uses Gray Wall_Cloth for floor. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 has 58 squares in center. livingroom1 has Red Wallpaper floor while has Blue Ceramic_Tile wall. kitchen1 covers 6 square meters located in south. kitchen1 wall is Purple Ceramics as well as has Black Pure_Color_Wood floor. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one closet, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. To be specific, washroom1 has 6 squares in east. washroom1 floor is Green Coating, and wall is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. In addition, floor of washroom2 is Mosaic and Purple while wall is Gray Ceramics. washroom2 is in north with 5 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 covers 40 square meters located in west. livingroom1 uses Orange Wood_Grain for floor as well as wall is Quartz and Earth_color. In addition, closet1 covers 4 square meters located in east. closet1 wall is White Wood_Grain while uses Blue Cement_Board for floor. Additionally, study1 has 19 squares in northeast. study1 has Gray Marble wall, and floor is Wood_Veneer and Red. bedroom1 is in east with 17 square meters. bedroom1 has Earth_color Mosaic floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and White. bedroom2 uses Green Mosaic for floor, and wall is Marble and Black. bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in center. wall of kitchen1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Gray while floor is Ceramics and White. kitchen1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. Besides, balcony1 has Green Wallpaper floor as well as has Green Wallpaper wall. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southwest. balcony2 has Yellow Mosaic floor, and has White Bamboo_Vine wall. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to study1, bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2, balcony2. bedroom1, washroom1, washroom2 and study1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, washroom1, closet1. balcony2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to closet1. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 wall is White Cement_Board, and uses Red Rock_Plate for floor. washroom1 is in southwest with 7 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Jade and Blue as well as floor is Wallpaper and Pink. bedroom1 is in southeast with 14 square meters. bedroom2 uses Pink Ceramics for floor, and has Blue Mosaic wall. bedroom2 is in northeast with 13 square meters. Additionally, livingroom1 floor is Pink Wallpaper while wall is Gray Wood_Grain. livingroom1 has 36 squares in center. Besides, floor of kitchen1 is Jade and Orange, and wall is Green Granite. kitchen1 covers 9 square meters located in west. livingroom1 and washroom1 are connected. livingroom1 is adjacent to kitchen1, bedroom1, bedroom2. bedroom2 and bedroom1 are connected. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. More specifically, wall of washroom1 is Wall_Cloth and Green, and uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor. washroom1 is in center with 5 square meters. Moreover, livingroom1 has Earth_color Cement_Board wall as well as uses Yellow Wallpaper for floor. livingroom1 is in north with 33 square meters. In addition, study1 is in center with 12 square meters. wall of study1 is Wallpaper and Earth_color while floor is Painted_Wood and Yellow. bedroom1 wall is White Bamboo_Vine, and floor is Black Marble. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in southeast. Additionally, floor of bedroom2 is Mosaic and Red as well as wall is Cement_Board and Gray. bedroom2 is in south with 12 square meters. In addition, floor of kitchen1 is Wall_Cloth and Green, and has Yellow Wallpaper wall. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in north. balcony1 covers 6 square meters located in southeast. balcony1 wall is White Jade while has Purple Coating floor. bedroom1, study1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1. study1 is next to bedroom2. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in south. washroom1 floor is Pink Quartz, and wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Earth_color. Additionally, bedroom1 covers 21 square meters located in north. bedroom1 has Purple Stone_Brick floor while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Yellow. Besides, livingroom1 is in center with 24 square meters. floor of livingroom1 is Log and Blue, and wall is Blue Wood_Veneer. Additionally, floor of kitchen1 is Wall_Cloth and Red as well as has Gray Cement_Board wall. kitchen1 is in southeast with 5 square meters. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1. The house plan has two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two balconys. Specifically, washroom1 has Earth_color Wallpaper wall, and uses Wood_color Marble for floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. Moreover, washroom2 has Red Mosaic floor as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Pink. washroom2 has 4 squares in northeast. Besides, livingroom1 uses Yellow Wood_Grain for floor, and wall is Cement_Board and Earth_color. livingroom1 has 47 squares in center. study1 has Earth_color Stone_Brick floor as well as has White Marble wall. study1 is in northwest with 11 square meters. Additionally, bedroom1 is in southwest with 21 square meters. bedroom1 floor is Black Quartz, and wall is Jade and Blue. bedroom2 wall is Green Rock_Plate as well as floor is Granite and White. bedroom2 has 15 squares in southeast. Moreover, kitchen1 floor is Black Cement_Board, and wall is Rock_Plate and Wood_color. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. balcony1 is in south with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Blue Ceramic_Tile floor while wall is Quartz and Red. Additionally, balcony2 is in southeast with 5 square meters. balcony2 floor is Black Coating, and wall is Yellow Ceramic_Tile. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, study1, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2. washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to balcony2. study1 is adjacent to kitchen1, washroom1. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to balcony2. House has one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of washroom1 is Marble and White, and floor is Gray Log. washroom1 has 4 squares in east. bedroom1 uses Blue Ceramic_Tile for floor as well as has Gray Cement_Board wall. bedroom1 has 14 squares in north. Additionally, wall of bedroom2 is Granite and Purple, and uses Pink Pure_Color_Wood for floor. bedroom2 has 9 squares in southeast. livingroom1 covers 27 square meters located in center. livingroom1 floor is Black Stone_Brick while has Orange Ceramic_Tile wall. kitchen1 has 6 squares in southwest. floor of kitchen1 is Cement_Board and Purple as well as wall is Wood_Grain and Orange. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. bedroom2 is adjacent to washroom1. The building contains two washrooms, one livingroom, one study, one storage, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one balcony. In practice, washroom1 is in northeast with 3 square meters. washroom1 uses Gray Coating for floor, and has Purple Marble wall. Additionally, washroom2 wall is Blue Granite while floor is Green Coating. washroom2 has 2 squares in west. livingroom1 has 40 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Mosaic and Black as well as floor is Black Painted_Wood. study1 is in northwest with 8 square meters. study1 has Pink Painted_Wood wall, and floor is Orange Painted_Wood. Besides, storage1 is in west with 2 square meters. floor of storage1 is Log and Earth_color as well as wall is White Quartz. Moreover, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1 floor is Red Stone_Brick while has Earth_color Stone_Brick wall. bedroom2 has Purple Wallpaper floor, and has Red Wood_Grain wall. bedroom2 is in north with 10 square meters. kitchen1 covers 10 square meters located in northeast. floor of kitchen1 is Coating and Red while wall is Orange Jade. balcony1 wall is Gray Granite, and has Yellow Wall_Cloth floor. balcony1 is in southwest with 5 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, study1, washroom1, storage1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom2, storage1. study1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. storage1 and study1 are connected. washroom2 is adjacent to storage1. House has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. In practice, bedroom1 uses Pink Marble for floor, and has Purple Wood_Grain wall. bedroom1 is in southeast with 18 square meters. Moreover, bedroom2 covers 13 square meters located in center. bedroom2 has Blue Rock_Plate floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Red. In addition, bedroom3 has 11 squares in northeast. bedroom3 wall is Gray Cement_Board while has Red Jade floor. wall of washroom1 is Wood_Grain and Green as well as has Purple Jade floor. washroom1 covers 6 square meters located in north. Besides, washroom2 covers 5 square meters located in east. washroom2 uses Purple Ceramics for floor while has Purple Painted_Wood wall. Moreover, wall of balcony1 is Stone_Brick and Earth_color, and has Red Marble floor. balcony1 has 6 squares in southwest. balcony2 has 3 squares in northwest. balcony2 floor is Black Painted_Wood while wall is Pink Jade. livingroom1 has 44 squares in west. wall of livingroom1 is Wood_Grain and Orange, and uses Earth_color Marble for floor. kitchen1 has Wood_color Wallpaper wall as well as has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor. kitchen1 is in north with 8 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom2. washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2. The house plan has one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. More specifically, washroom1 has Red Quartz floor, and has Black Bamboo_Vine wall. washroom1 is in southeast with 2 square meters. Additionally, floor of livingroom1 is Jade and Purple as well as wall is Mosaic and Wood_color. livingroom1 has 21 squares in center. bedroom1 has 18 squares in west. bedroom1 has Green Pure_Color_Wood floor, and has Yellow Marble wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. The building contains one washroom, one livingroom, and one bedroom. To be specific, washroom1 wall is White Painted_Wood, and floor is Red Wood_Veneer. washroom1 covers 2 square meters located in north. livingroom1 has Earth_color Marble wall while floor is Coating and Purple. livingroom1 has 24 squares in west. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in east. wall of bedroom1 is Granite and Wood_color as well as uses Red Stone_Brick for floor. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, washroom1. Building layout contains one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, wall of washroom1 is Stone_Brick and Yellow, and floor is Yellow Jade. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. bedroom1 is in south with 13 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Earth_color as well as uses Orange Wallpaper for floor. Additionally, bedroom2 floor is Earth_color Pure_Color_Wood while wall is Yellow Ceramics. bedroom2 has 9 squares in north. Moreover, bedroom3 covers 7 square meters located in center. bedroom3 wall is Green Cement_Board, and uses Pink Wood_Grain for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has 33 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Log and Yellow as well as uses Green Coating for floor. kitchen1 has Blue Ceramics floor, and has Green Ceramics wall. kitchen1 has 7 squares in north. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3. kitchen1, washroom1 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1. House has three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 is in south with 15 square meters. wall of bedroom1 is Ceramics and Wood_color, and floor is Coating and Orange. Moreover, bedroom2 wall is Wood_color Ceramic_Tile while floor is Gray Log. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in north. bedroom3 is in southeast with 9 square meters. bedroom3 uses White Jade for floor as well as has Purple Granite wall. In addition, washroom1 wall is Earth_color Cement_Board while floor is Red Ceramic_Tile. washroom1 has 4 squares in center. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in northwest. balcony1 uses Green Coating for floor as well as wall is Rock_Plate and Wood_color. livingroom1 is in east with 29 square meters. livingroom1 uses Red Jade for floor while has Purple Rock_Plate wall. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in north. kitchen1 has Purple Marble floor as well as has Green Stone_Brick wall. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom2 is next to kitchen1, washroom1, balcony1. balcony1 and kitchen1 are connected. Building layout contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one balcony. Specifically, washroom1 has Pink Coating wall, and floor is Orange Log. washroom1 has 4 squares in west. bedroom1 has 11 squares in south. bedroom1 has Orange Ceramics wall as well as uses Gray Ceramic_Tile for floor. Additionally, livingroom1 has 50 squares in center. livingroom1 has Blue Stone_Brick wall, and uses Red Granite for floor. balcony1 has Purple Wood_Veneer wall as well as uses Earth_color Painted_Wood for floor. balcony1 covers 5 square meters located in southeast. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, balcony1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to balcony1, washroom1. House has two washrooms, two bedrooms, two livingrooms, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 is in north with 3 square meters. washroom1 uses Red Wood_Veneer for floor as well as wall is Orange Bamboo_Vine. washroom2 covers 2 square meters located in center. washroom2 floor is Earth_color Marble while has Green Ceramics wall. In addition, bedroom1 covers 16 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom1 is Wood_Veneer and Pink, and floor is Rock_Plate and Earth_color. bedroom2 wall is Red Mosaic as well as floor is White Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 covers 12 square meters located in east. livingroom1 floor is Blue Quartz, and wall is Purple Quartz. livingroom1 is in center with 30 square meters. floor of livingroom2 is Quartz and Red while wall is Green Granite. livingroom2 covers 3 square meters located in west. Additionally, kitchen1 floor is Blue Stone_Brick as well as wall is Mosaic and Earth_color. kitchen1 has 9 squares in east. bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, livingroom2, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1, washroom2. kitchen1, washroom1, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. washroom1 is next to washroom2. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 has 18 squares in south. bedroom1 uses Earth_color Bamboo_Vine for floor, and wall is Rock_Plate and Orange. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in north. bedroom2 has Red Quartz wall while floor is Black Quartz. bedroom3 wall is Yellow Ceramics as well as uses Wood_color Painted_Wood for floor. bedroom3 is in north with 9 square meters. Moreover, washroom1 uses Wood_color Marble for floor, and wall is Yellow Wood_Veneer. washroom1 is in center with 4 square meters. Besides, washroom2 covers 4 square meters located in north. floor of washroom2 is Rock_Plate and Gray as well as wall is Wood_color Wood_Veneer. Additionally, balcony1 is in south with 7 square meters. balcony1 has Black Painted_Wood floor while wall is Log and Black. livingroom1 has 34 squares in center. wall of livingroom1 is Marble and Yellow, and has Orange Coating floor. Moreover, floor of kitchen1 is Quartz and Wood_color while has Wood_color Jade wall. kitchen1 is in center with 7 square meters. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom3, washroom2 and bedroom2 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to washroom1, washroom2. The building contains one washroom, one bedroom, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, washroom1 has Black Log wall, and floor is Wood_Grain and Pink. washroom1 covers 5 square meters located in northeast. Moreover, bedroom1 has 14 squares in east. bedroom1 uses Earth_color Jade for floor while wall is Wood_color Coating. livingroom1 has 25 squares in center. livingroom1 has Orange Bamboo_Vine wall as well as floor is Wood_color Quartz. kitchen1 has 12 squares in west. kitchen1 has Wood_color Cement_Board floor, and wall is Stone_Brick and Orange. bedroom1, kitchen1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to washroom1. The house plan has three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. To be specific, bedroom1 has 17 squares in northeast. floor of bedroom1 is Painted_Wood and Gray as well as wall is Green Bamboo_Vine. bedroom2 covers 11 square meters located in west. wall of bedroom2 is Pure_Color_Wood and Orange while uses Gray Quartz for floor. bedroom3 floor is Yellow Stone_Brick as well as wall is Gray Stone_Brick. bedroom3 is in northwest with 10 square meters. washroom1 has 4 squares in north. washroom1 uses Red Mosaic for floor, and wall is Wood_Grain and Green. Moreover, washroom2 has 4 squares in north. washroom2 has Wood_color Wood_Veneer floor as well as wall is Wallpaper and Earth_color. balcony1 is in east with 6 square meters. balcony1 floor is Pink Quartz while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Black. balcony2 wall is Wood_color Wood_Veneer, and uses Earth_color Wood_Veneer for floor. balcony2 covers 4 square meters located in southwest. Additionally, livingroom1 has 40 squares in center. floor of livingroom1 is Pure_Color_Wood and Red as well as wall is Green Cement_Board. Moreover, kitchen1 has Gray Wallpaper wall, and uses Orange Quartz for floor. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, balcony2 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to balcony1, washroom1. bedroom2 is next to bedroom3, balcony2. washroom2 and bedroom3 are connected. kitchen1 is adjacent to balcony2. washroom2 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains one washroom, four bedrooms, two livingrooms, and two kitchens. More specifically, washroom1 has 6 squares in center. floor of washroom1 is Coating and Pink as well as wall is Blue Coating. bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in west. bedroom1 has Green Coating wall while uses Red Jade for floor. bedroom2 is in east with 12 square meters. wall of bedroom2 is Cement_Board and Black, and floor is Mosaic and Wood_color. Moreover, wall of bedroom3 is Coating and Wood_color as well as floor is Coating and Blue. bedroom3 covers 10 square meters located in west. bedroom4 is in west with 4 square meters. bedroom4 floor is Purple Log, and wall is Black Mosaic. livingroom1 is in center with 25 square meters. livingroom1 has White Painted_Wood wall as well as floor is Orange Stone_Brick. Besides, livingroom2 is in east with 7 square meters. livingroom2 has Wood_color Jade floor while wall is Cement_Board and Earth_color. In addition, kitchen1 covers 4 square meters located in east. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Wood_color as well as has Gray Wood_Veneer floor. kitchen2 has 3 squares in east. wall of kitchen2 is Cement_Board and Pink while floor is Wood_color Wood_Veneer. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, livingroom2, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is adjacent to bedroom3, bedroom4. livingroom2, kitchen1 and bedroom2 are connected. livingroom2 is next to washroom1, kitchen1. kitchen2 and kitchen1 are connected. House has one washroom, three bedrooms, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, washroom1 uses Pink Wood_Veneer for floor as well as wall is Red Granite. washroom1 has 5 squares in southwest. In addition, bedroom1 covers 13 square meters located in northeast. bedroom1 floor is Blue Painted_Wood while wall is Gray Quartz. bedroom2 has Yellow Ceramics floor as well as wall is Mosaic and Yellow. bedroom2 covers 9 square meters located in north. bedroom3 uses Red Coating for floor while wall is Bamboo_Vine and Red. bedroom3 has 7 squares in southwest. livingroom1 has 28 squares in center. livingroom1 floor is Earth_color Granite as well as wall is Red Wood_Veneer. kitchen1 floor is Purple Marble, and wall is Black Log. kitchen1 covers 5 square meters located in west. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, washroom1. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. bedroom2 is adjacent to kitchen1. bedroom3 is next to kitchen1, washroom1. Building layout contains three bedrooms, two washrooms, two balconys, one livingroom, and one kitchen. Specifically, bedroom1 is in east with 18 square meters. floor of bedroom1 is Jade and Blue, and wall is Wood_color Ceramics. bedroom2 has Blue Mosaic wall while floor is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color. bedroom2 covers 14 square meters located in north. bedroom3 has 12 squares in southeast. wall of bedroom3 is Jade and Green, and uses Gray Pure_Color_Wood for floor. washroom1 is in east with 4 square meters. washroom1 wall is Pink Wall_Cloth while uses Yellow Ceramic_Tile for floor. Additionally, washroom2 floor is Wood_color Log, and wall is Orange Wallpaper. washroom2 covers 3 square meters located in south. balcony1 covers 7 square meters located in northwest. balcony1 has Green Pure_Color_Wood wall while floor is Pink Log. balcony2 has Pink Pure_Color_Wood wall, and floor is Yellow Cement_Board. balcony2 is in southeast with 4 square meters. livingroom1 has Pink Ceramics floor while wall is White Bamboo_Vine. livingroom1 has 44 squares in west. kitchen1 has Green Rock_Plate floor, and has Purple Marble wall. kitchen1 covers 7 square meters located in southwest. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom2. bedroom2, bedroom3, washroom1 and bedroom1 are connected. bedroom3 is adjacent to washroom1, balcony2, washroom2. washroom2 and kitchen1 are connected. washroom1 is next to balcony2. Building layout contains one washroom, two bedrooms, one livingroom, and one balcony. To be specific, wall of washroom1 is Ceramic_Tile and Gray, and uses Yellow Wallpaper for floor. washroom1 has 6 squares in north. bedroom1 is in west with 18 square meters. bedroom1 has Wood_color Mosaic floor as well as wall is Painted_Wood and Earth_color. Additionally, bedroom2 has Black Mosaic floor while wall is Ceramic_Tile and Pink. bedroom2 is in center with 14 square meters. Besides, livingroom1 is in east with 43 square meters. livingroom1 floor is Green Wallpaper, and has Earth_color Granite wall. Additionally, balcony1 is in southeast with 6 square meters. floor of balcony1 is Ceramic_Tile and Green while has White Quartz wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2. The house plan has three bedrooms, three washrooms, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, wall of bedroom1 is Bamboo_Vine and Earth_color, and floor is Gray Wood_Veneer. bedroom1 has 17 squares in northwest. Moreover, bedroom2 has 10 squares in west. bedroom2 floor is Green Wallpaper while wall is Pure_Color_Wood and Red. bedroom3 is in southwest with 7 square meters. bedroom3 floor is Pink Quartz as well as wall is Jade and Green. In addition, washroom1 wall is Yellow Painted_Wood, and uses Blue Rock_Plate for floor. washroom1 covers 4 square meters located in south. washroom2 has Wood_color Bamboo_Vine floor as well as wall is Log and Wood_color. washroom2 is in north with 4 square meters. Besides, washroom3 floor is Red Ceramic_Tile while has Blue Log wall. washroom3 is in center with 3 square meters. balcony1 wall is Orange Quartz as well as floor is Earth_color Marble. balcony1 covers 4 square meters located in northeast. livingroom1 is in east with 35 square meters. livingroom1 has Pink Stone_Brick floor, and wall is Wood_color Coating. wall of kitchen1 is Bamboo_Vine and Orange as well as floor is Wood_color Jade. kitchen1 has 7 squares in south. livingroom1 is adjacent to bedroom1, bedroom2, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1, washroom2, washroom3. bedroom1 is next to bedroom2, washroom2. bedroom3 and bedroom2 are connected. bedroom3 is next to washroom1, washroom3. washroom1 and kitchen1 are connected. balcony1 is adjacent to washroom2. washroom3 and washroom1 are connected. The building contains three bedrooms, one washroom, one balcony, one livingroom, and one kitchen. More specifically, bedroom1 uses Earth_color Granite for floor, and wall is Wood_Veneer and Green. bedroom1 covers 12 square meters located in north. bedroom2 floor is Purple Quartz while has Blue Cement_Board wall. bedroom2 covers 10 square meters located in southwest. bedroom3 has Earth_color Wall_Cloth wall as well as has Black Painted_Wood floor. bedroom3 has 9 squares in west. In addition, washroom1 wall is Black Wall_Cloth while uses Yellow Granite for floor. washroom1 has 4 squares in south. Besides, balcony1 is in northeast with 6 square meters. balcony1 has Green Quartz wall, and uses Pink Ceramics for floor. livingroom1 floor is Purple Jade as well as wall is Wallpaper and Wood_color. livingroom1 is in east with 33 square meters. Moreover, kitchen1 has 6 squares in south. kitchen1 floor is Earth_color Stone_Brick while has Gray Log wall. bedroom1, bedroom2, bedroom3, kitchen1, balcony1, washroom1 and livingroom1 are connected. bedroom1 is next to bedroom3, balcony1. bedroom2 is adjacent to bedroom3, washroom1. kitchen1 is next to washroom1. 